AOption B leaves out 18 children in my community. This is ridiculousPick Option ANoOption B moves just 18 kids!  It seems incredibly unfair to those families and has a minuscule impact on the
overcrowdingNoPrefer the boundaries in Option AThese options don't speak to the magnet program...where is that?NoOnly Option B incorporated community's suggestion and we are in favor of that. Option A did not
considered community's responseStudents should walk to their closest school.Option A seems to be better for everyone in Urbana-particularly the absurdly tiny fraction of kids who
would be moved to Windsor Knolls from urbana MSBoth options have our child going to Sugarloaf Elementary which I am fine with.  Both options have the Urbana community going to schools within the community which is good.  Option B appears to have less children going to the three Urbana schools which is my preference.   My only concern is that I want to make sure there will be transportation available for the elementart school students so that they are not required to
cross any major intersections or roads.no thank youNeither option truly relieves middle school overcrowding.  I argue the projections are inaccurate especially
because people move here for the schools.nanOption A is just Initial concept 2, it only gives a temporary relief in the first year but did not solve the
problem of utilization in long run. Option B is a much better optionIf ES option A is in effect, not only Centerville ES will remain 100% utilization, but the projected growth will surpass the capacity in near future. This does not only apply to Centerville ES, but also Green Valley, Oakdale, Liberty and Urbana ES. For option B, not only the initial utilization of all schools are under 100%, but the projected growth in all ES are much milder than that in option A. The numbers in option B is just
way better.I like both options, although if I could pick I would select option A.NO for option A. Yes for option BHave you considered making Urbana elementary a primary school with k-3 and sugarloaf an intermediate with 4-6 to alleviate overcrowding at the middle school? Centerville could remain k-5. All 6th graders would go to sugarloaf and Urbana middle would be 7-8. Just a suggestion to alleviate the overcrowding at
the middle school level.I think both draft Option A and B are good plans. I like B slightly more as it appears to minimize the need
for more bus routes and spending.NoWe absolutely need sidewalks the ENTIRE length of Urbana Pike/old 355 as well as a traffic light at new
355/Lew Wallace. Thank you.In option B, I don't like that it impacts more students and that two elementary schools are split into two
middle schools.If ES option A is in effect, not only Centerville ES will remain 100% utilization, but the projected growth will surpass the capacity in near future. This does not only apply to Centerville ES, but also Green Valley, Oakdale, Liberty and Urbana ES. For option B, not only the initial utilization of all schools are under 100%, but the projected growth in all ES are much milder than that in option A. The numbers in option B is just
way better.I don't like that Option B impacts more students and that two elementary schools are split into two middle
schools.