The neighborhood the meadows will go to the same school district instead of being separated from all their
previous class mates.I like that the neighborhoods aren't divided by streets to go to different middle schools.  I prefer and entire community or neighborhood go to the same school.  We are a very close community that rely on each other
for activities, carpools, family management.  I like that it allows for the current feeder pattern.It keeps our current feeder to Oakdale MS.Keeps Meadows / Balmoral with the rest of their communityIt keeps my girls in Oakdale MS, one of the main deciding factors on moving here.It keeps the neighborhoods of LL together, as they have been through elementary school.Great!!!It keeps my kids with their friends at Oakdale where they belongThe Meadows and Balmoral are two closely linked neighborhoods within LLA that would be excluded from attending school in the same district as the rest of LLA that share Boyers Mill as the main entrance/exit to their villages.  Unlike West Winds, which already has an exclusive entrance/exit along Gas House Pike, and
also has their own covenants within the LLA, the Meadows and Balmoral should not be separated.Staying in the OMS feeder and not TJMSOption A keeps the Meadows in the Oakdale feeder pattern.It keeps Summerfield at Oakdale Middle School and not moved to New Market middle and then back to
Oakdale High school.That my neighborhood is in the same school district.Keeps the neighborhood with their childhood friends.the students stay in the same middle and high schoolDecrease of 2 busesIt keeps the Eaglehead at Linganore boundaries intact.The lake Linganore community should be kept in the same Oakdale school districtThe Meadows stays in Oakdale middle as promised and the community gets to stay togetherHelps keep the Linganore community together in the most consistent way.  By consistent, I mean in terms of
how the current patterns are set up.  It also is the least damaging to the relationships in the community.It would allow my children to continue on their paths at Oakdale MS and HighThe villages of Lake Linganore are together through middle and high school as they are now. It seems unfair to cut off one village from the rest. Like Woodridgge was disappointed, with the first round, it is disappointing to see that now the Meadow and Balmoral are split. This confuses me since Pinehurst and Summerfield are closer to NMMS. I would love to see villages stay together and at the closest location. if
things gave to be divided, it makes more sense to me to divide the new houses not the established.EverythingNot many students affected, and they end up going to a closer school.Meadows/Balmoral stay with the rest of the community.  This greatly impacts neighborhood friendships
and sense of unityGReAT!!!!Best option, keeps our Lake Linganore Community together in same feeder pattern.Everything.  Lake Linganore villages would be kept together (minus west winds which has already voiced that they would like to stay in Linganore).  Community is important and I like that all the villages stay together. Being that our community is a lake community... people are hiking, swimming, and hanging out at the lake. It's important for the kids to have relationships with friends not only at school but also outside of
school. With the villages sticking together, this is better facilitatedKeeps most of LLA togetherOption A is great - keeps all Linganore kids that have been together since K together through high schoolKeeps the LL community togetherKeeps our kids togetherKeeping the community togetherKeep community togetherIt does not break apart lake Linganore. We have been here 12 years and have friends in all neighborhoods.We are still at the same schoolsI like that this option keeps all of the Lake Linganore neighborhoods together. It is soooo important for these kiddos to stay together. Seems like there are less transitions for middle and high for the area. This is good since they will be making a transition in the elementary area.
This option has less kids moved for middle schools across the whole area.
This option keeps a larger portion of kids together for elementary, middle, and high.We are kept within Oakdale MS boundariesIt keeps most of LL in the same schoolAcceptI like this optionIt keeps our entire community together.Establishes a consistent feeder program from the elementary schoolsAgain that my son will stay with the friends he's made in the neighborhood and school. It's important to
keep this community together.Oakdale doesn't seem to be impacted too much, so we like that.It keeps our neighborhood together which is important to us.  It also keeps us in closer proximity to school
to avoid longer bus rides.I like the option of keeping the kids together.That we stay at Oakdale with the rest of LLAnanMy kids stay in the Oakdale district. Lake Linganore students are going to school together. Which is the
right option.Keeping the Lake Linganore kids togetherAcceptThat most of Lake Linganore villages will remain together.It keeps our kids (in lake Linganore) together and on track for Oakdale highschool.Keeps the community togetherKeeps LLA community together.All of Lake Linganore goes to Middle and High School togetherSameI like that this option keeps the current existing Lake Linganore Community intact and allows students to continue in the feeder pattern in which they started without dividing the community, and relationships that
have been established for years.It keeps my children and all of their friends together in school, and helps maintain a sense of community.Keeps community togetherOakdale Middle is an excellent schoolKeeps kids togetherKeeps all of Linganore neighborhoods togetherIt keeps the close knit neighborhood of Lake Linganore together.Retains Oakdale MSI like that option A maintains community/neighborhood connections. Lake Linganore is an extremely tight knit community and carving out Meadows and Balmoral neighborhoods, aka planning blocks 154, 157 and 159 disrupts the community aspect many residents moved here for. Meadows and Balmoral are established, non-developer owned villages with no new large scale construction possible. Our student population doesn't have the potential for large growth. Please do not separate these students from their neighborhood
peers. Option A allows an entire development to stay together.Keeps the heart of Lake Linganore togetherAgain, it keeps my child with her current group of children and parents that's we've grown to know and
count on for support.It keeps the feeder system as it currently is, making no changes for our current feeder system and not
dividing the community/village.All of Lake Linganore stay together.keeps neighborhood kids togetherKeeping the neighborhood kids together.  Strongly want this optionIt doesn't divide the neighborhood and keeps students close to schoolI wanted my child to go to Oakdale MS and both options are ok for that.I like that it keeps PB63 in Oakdale ES, MS and HS. This is the current alignment which makes most sense as we are the closes established neighborhood to all three schools. I also like that it keeps PB 63 in Oakdale MS
and HS rather than sending us all over the map for each transition.keeps Balmoral in Oakdale MS districtKeeps neighborhood kids together and keeps them in the same feeder pattern. Great option.This option allows for our children to attend Oakdale MS, which was a large factor in building in
WoodridgeI like this option as it keeps my children with others kids in our community (Lake Linganore).Will keep LLA community children in the same schools as their neighborhood friends! Better sense of
community. Please don't split these kids up.This option has the least amount of changes for studentsAll of LLA, kids stay together.I want our neighborhood to stay together as in the proposalFewer students impactedKeeps the community togetherIt keeps the neighborhood kids togetherI like the Middle School Option A  because again it has the least amount of impact on our strong community. This is important, because a sense of community helps neighborhoods work together and support each other. Dividing us at the elementary level is one thing but once your in Middle I think the
feeder pattern becomes more important.I want all of LL residents to stay together. I want my kids to go to school with their neighbors, and maintain
those relationships they formed in elementary school! :)Best option for my familyCommunity stays togethersupport - keeps with LLA communityMy children get to remain their current schools.The Lake Linganore neighborhoods (except for West Winds) stay in the Oakdale feeder, providing
continuity of the current feeder pattern and also no divisions within the community.Lake Linganore neighborhood stays togetherDraft A Keeps a stronger community feel to affected neighborhoods, and presents a strong feeder patternKeeps children in the grades together from the neighborhood.  Does not adversely affect children by
changing their schools on them.It keeps all of the Lake Linganore Community within the OMS/OHS feederI like that is maintains the current feeder pattern and does not divide the community.Includes all of MeadowsMinimizes change for existing kids.Keeping the majority of Lake Linganore students together in Oakdale feeder.My brother and I are attending the same school districtKeeps our eldest with existing friends, school community, and youngest will get to go to same school which
creates a great community feelIt doesn't change the school we attend at all, so seems fine to me.Keeps us at OMSUnsureUnsureI like that it allows for all of the Lake Linganore villages in Oakdale feeder to remain in Oakdale feeder.I like that all of lake linganore is together for option A (except West winds).I appreciate the efforts to keep communities together.  As Mr Cooper is quoted in the Frederick Post as assuring residents that "great effort will be made not to split up communities and if a community has to move, they move together".  This is crucial for the small part of Balmoral and Meadows who could
potentially leave their community wit the the Option in plan B.I like that Middle School Draft Option A will keep our children at Oakdale Middle School. We moved to this
area, from out of state, specifically for the Oakdale Middle School system.Great schools - keeps LLA more intactNeighborhoods remain in the same feeder pattern (Oakdale) and are together.nanThe Meadows should not be split from the rest of Lake Linganore. IOur children have already formed tight
bonds with all the areas of LL and should not be split upI appreciate the efforts to keep communities together.  As Mr Cooper is quoted in the Frederick Post as assuring residents that "great effort will be made not to split up communities and if a community has to
move, they move together".That PB#63 remains in the Oakdale feeder for Elementary through HSI like that the Oakdale feeder within Lake Linganore is kept as is.It  impacts the least amount of children being moved around. It is half the amount of children being affected than in Option B. Option A keeps Lake Linganore together as a community. We are a very integrated community who has basically grown up in Deer Crossing Elementary and now Oakdale Middle School and High school. My son goes to oakdale MS and when he moved he relied on his friends from Deer Crossing so the Jump to middle school was much easier for him.
Oakdale Middle has a more balanced rate of utilization than option B at 73%
than in option B at 64% New Market has 83% in Option A and 88% in Option B. Only one school is being impacted and kids from Lake Linganore would have only to deal with one big change at the elementary
level which is disruptive enough.Option A allows family's & students within the Lake Linganore Association to remain together. This option reduces the amount of time students would spend commuting on a bus, allowing more time for after school activities, homework, and time spent with family and friends. While I am not personally impacted by either option, I'm strongly in favor of keeping residents of the LLA together. Residents within LLA pay a significant fee annually to live here and attend top rated schools. The families and children who live here attend events together and participate in recreational activities together, creating close relationships that
should not be separated.With respect to the Lake Linganore area, I like Middle School Option A because of its consistency with
feeder patterns and keeping the community together.I like option A at first glance because my feeder pattern would be unaffected and we would remain at our
current schoolsIt keeps the neighborhood that I currently live in (lake linganore meadows) in the oakdale school districtSame as above. All Lake Linganore is together in the Oakdale feeder pattern.Its the same as our current middle school and feeder school and it keeps the Lake Linganore community in
the same schoolsOption A would force Meadows/Balmoral to NMMS.  meadows and balmoral are th furthest neighborhood
from NMMSIt's horrible.  Why did you change the original 3 proposals?It separates our neighborhood friends from us.Same as elementaryOur feeder pattern remains the same.nanIt keeps my family in our home school & it does a better job at keeping neighborhoods together.Keep Lake Linganore together as a communityThis option keeps the Lake Linganore neighborhoods in the same middle school as they are now.I like the MS option A for the same reason as stated above, I like how it keeps most of lake linganore villages
together in one school (Oakdale MS).I like that the Lake Linganore community stays together (minus West Winds which is already separate).I like it because it keeps my community together and impact the least number of children. it also has a more
balanced enrollment utilization at all levels.I like that this version keeps the Lake Linganore community together as a whole and is my preferred option.nothingmy children would attend Oakdale middle school keeping everyone in the lake linganore community at the
same school facilitating physical and social interactions with peersIt's almost identical to current boundary lines and very similar to B.We live in PB154 and we prefer this Option as it keeps our students at OMSIncludes Meadows OMSProximity, Maintaining Same School feeder, entire development includedKeeps the part of Lake Linganore that go to OMS still at OMSThat PB154, 157, and 159 will continue to go to Oakdale Middle School.Preserves feeder patternNoneZeroI like that only 55 students are impacted.It keeps Lake Linganore kids together at the same school.Same as above    we all stay together.  It's essential for these kids to have familiar faces surrounding
them   they will be stressed enough starting a new school. Option B does not solve overcrowding with
meadows/balmoral. The new villages yet to be built need to be separated from the meadows/balmoral neighborhoods   my sons bus would have to drive right by other neighborhoods that are closer to the
schools he would have to go to   makes no sense.That it does not create a split feeder at the elementary level like option B.Good (oakdale for all 3 schools)All of the communities that border the lake and summer field stay together in Lake LinganoreKeeping Linganore kids together at Oakdale schoolsDoesn't make sense to split Meadows from rest of linganore.  Oakdale middle is highly rated and part of
reason people come to meadowsIt keeps neighborhoods together and my neighborhood won't be redistricted. My neighborhood stays in the
current feeder pattern.Neighborhood consistencythis is consistent with the current zomingNot happyMaintains OHS feeder pattern within Lake LinganoreThe Meadows/Balmoral neighborhood stays with their community and the new elementary school is not
split at the middle school level.That we are in the Oakdale feederN/aMy children would maintain consistency in the Oakdale feeder pattern.Keeps the lake linganore community togetherOption A is better for our community as a whole. Last redistricting our neighborhood was split. We have worked really hard to work around the effects of that. This option places further pressure on our community without accomplishing an impactful difference in the over crowding at Oakdale Middle. It does
not accomplish what the board has placed as important in redistricting.I like that it keeps the villages of Meadows and Balmoral in the Oakdale High School feeder pattern and
keeps the Westwinds village where they want to be.I believe I prefer option BI like that our neighborhood kids in Greenview will go to Oakdale for middle school with their friends from
ES.This is our top choice since it keeps the Meadows together with the rest of lake linganore. We really appreciate the opportunity to provide feedback and express our opinions. Keeping neighborhoods together is one of the most important factors during this process. Option A keeps most all of lake linganore together
and provides continuity as children development from middle to high school.That it maintains existing feeder patterns and keeps our community together as a whole.This option fits within the established feeder pattern of Deer Crossing/East County to OMS to OHS. It
would keep the established community together.Option A keeps all planning blocks in the Lake Linganore community feeding into OMS and then OHS
together, rather than removing approximately 100 students at each school level from PBs  154, 157, and 159.Breaking up the Meadows and Balmoral into the LHS feeder seems short sighted.Nothingdon't like itOption A keeps the established and existing Lake Linganore villages that attend Oakdale MS together.