Option A keeps the students going to Centervillemy children will be in the same school that they have started; my before and aftercare providers will be able
to still help my children, and they will not be psychologically stressThe feeder pattern; the elementary options have areas of the neighborhood togetherI love this option.  The borders make sense.  Students aren't traveling long distances.  Students are in schools
in their communities.Kids are assigned to elementary schools based on near proximity in the Urbana area. The total number of kids being affected in Option A for the Urbana area is the lower than Option B. In addition, the predicted
utilization in future years for Option A makes more sense than Option B.It keeps children in Centerville still togetherThis option is fantastic.  It keeps neighborhoods together, it reduces time on busses, it makes minimal
changes to students.The borders of the maps keep streets and neighborhoods closer together.  Students are with their neighbors.
This option keeps students attending elementary schools closer to them.I like this option.  It does not affect many students.  It keeps students together for elementary / middle
(better than B).It keeps Urbana Highlands together, but that is not a priority.Sugarloaf will be taking students from Urbana and Sugarloaf.  There is more of a balance.It keeps all the kids in our neighborhood within the neighborhood schoolsKeeps Urbana kids in Urbana Schools, my child would attend the closest elementary school to our homeI live in PB 145, so I like Option A because it keeps us at Centerville, where my children currently attend
and where my sons have IEP's set up already and we know the staff.nanProximityProximityMy children are able to walk to school as they do now.More students who would be moving from Centerville get to stay together even if they are moved to
Sugarloaf Elementary School.That it will be a brand new school.Approve.  Keeps the villages together and going to closest school geographicallyI am indifferent on the ES drafts.  I like that Centerville and Sugarloaf are under capacity.It places my kid in s new schoolKeep Kids in the neighborhood in one schoolThe people in the closest proximity to CES will continue to walk a few blocks to school.I like that it keeps our planning block at Centerville ESTHAT WE ARE STAYING IN CENTERVILLE ES. I MOVED TO THE VOU LAST JUNE FOR THE SCHOOLS IN ADDITION OF FINDING OUT AT TIME OF PURCHASE OF MY HOME THAT I HAD TO
PAY EXTRA TAXES FOR LIVING IN THIS AREAEVERYTHINGVillage of Urbana should not be dividedMy house is on Shawfield Lane and my children currently walk to school (it is <0.5 mile). They will still be able to walk to school with Option A. Plus, kids who are already bused from PB141 to Centerville can be
bused to Sugarloaf instead which doesn't change their transportation method.My child is a walker and will likely remain a walker in both options.  Centerville is less than 0.25 miles from our home and Sugarloaf is 1.8 miles from our home.  Plus, I would not want my fifth grader walking that
distance and across the busier streets.It keeps our kids in Urbana, it provides a bus, and they will go to the very newest school.Don't like it - it forces residents of my neighborhood to travel too far for ES. There is only one route to the
Sugarloaf ES and it will take too long.I don't like itIt is uniform and consistent with the neighborhood lines. Excellent plan!! Just perfect!!NothingKeeping Urbana Students within Urbana SchoolsMy children would stay at their current elementary school where they are comfortable and happy. They
would stay with their peers, including our next door neighbors. They can still walk to school.It keeps children in Centerville still togetherContinuityStay at Centerville Elementary. 1/4 mile from my house. Not sure I would want a second grader walking 1.5
miles to sugarloafKeeps Urbana students in home school locationsProximity to CES.Keeping kids with their current school friendsI like that this option keeps my children at Centerville ES and does not break up the Highlands
neighborhood.That my son stays at CES for his 5th grade yearI don't care for my child changing ES in 4th grade when he has 1 year left. He would end up in UES isolated
from all he knows and sent further away. NOT fair to do!!!!I like both options for elementary schools as I am confident and comfortable with all the Urbana elementary
schools and they are all close in proximity.Keeping majority of the kids at the same elementary school they've been at, closest to their homes.We can walk to elementary schoolWe are within a short walking distance to Centerville. Our daughter is already attending Centerville and
our youngest will be going this fall.We live within very close proximity to Centerville, our older son and middle daughter attend there and our
oldest will go there this fall, we know the system, teachers and the leadership of the school.keeps my children together; the reason of moving to Urbanathe benefit of my childrenThis is the best option.  Keeps the community together.The cutoff is around sugarloaf streetProximity to our house and keep our kids togetherI like ES Option AMy kids would still be within easy walking distance to their elementary school.My child would stay at his current elementary school which takes 5 mins to walk to!geographically it makes sense for those kids to be at the assigned schoolI think it is greatIt keeps my kids in the same school.Looks like it maximizes walkers.I do not like this option as it requires my child to drive past his current school, Centerville ES, to get to his newly designated school, Sugarloaf.  There is only one way out of our section, planning block 141, and he
would have to drive past CES.  Also, walking would never be an option.I do not like this option as it doesn't do enough for the overcrowding.Keeping the kids residing in Urbana. I work 40 miles away. If my child misses the bus they could still walk
home. If we are bussed out of the neighborhood this would no longer be an option.It keeps the kids together.It seems to be less crowded at ES levelsCauses longer bus rides for my kidsIt keep kids who can walk to centerville at centerville, instead of Sugarloaf.i LIKE THIS.Keeps my area kids at Centerville and follows the criteria of proximity to schools!EverythingVery happy that we stay in the schools we are currently zoned in.NONEI oppose ES Option ALogical, manages overcrowding bestLessen the impact of people driving to a closer school to go another further school by passing the closer school.
Keeps everyone in the Urbana Planned Unit Development/Special Property Tax district at the Elementary Schools  This is the reason why many live in the PUD to stay in the neighborhood school rather than a adjoining neighborhood school.  Additionally, this is one of the weighted factor in purchasing in the PUD and pay more in taxes.  This plan will not greatly affect the social aspect with the children by separating
their neighborhood friends within the Urbana PUD.I don't like option AKeeping the kids together and letting them walk since it's close. Option B has kids walking far that can
easily walk to school now.While I'm not a huge fan of either elementary plan, this one at least seems somewhat less divisive and has
less kids having to change schools.Our community stays intactI want this one.I don't agree with ES Option A, it is just the initial concept 2 and future projection is not consideredI like that it offers the least disruption and keeps our current community togetherIt keeps my son at Centerville ElementaryI do not support Option A as the kids in my area will have to go to sugarloaf instead of CES - even though
CES is closest to my home.I don't like the fact that we would no longer be a 1/2 mile from elementary school and now will be 2 miles.
My children have walked and/or rode their bikes to CES which won't be doable to Sugarloaf.goodWe stay at Centerville, which is closer to our home.Nothing! I find it ridiculous that we were walkers and now will have to be bused. And would find it WAY
too unsafe for them to be walkers that new distance.Keeps neighborhoods togetherthat is the school why I move to Urbana.yes pleaseMy kids will stay in the school that is the closest to our housegoodNoOption A has fewer number of students being impacted. It provides capacity relief for most of the ES in the
area.that my children would be able to all be in the same school, that my daycare provider will be the same, and
the reason why I moved to urbana paying extra property taxesIt maximizes adjacent areas of the Villages of Urbana going to the same school.this is perfect for my family and the benefit of my children. they will be able to all stay in the same school
and keep their friends in addition to keeping the community togethernanEveryone in Urbana stays in Urbana.Nothing.Impacts the fewest number of K-5th grade students.It minimizes the distance from the homes for the elementary. Even in the bus areas, people like to walk our
kids to school on nice days.keeps all of Urbana in one of the three Urbana Elementary schoolsIt fixes capacity issuesEveryone is togethereverythingNot a good option. Cutting out half of Sugarloaf pkwy and sending 0.3 ml walkers to a 1.3 school it's terribleI like that I get to keep my child at their current elementary school. I don't love that the neighborhood in the
back is split in the Villages of Urbana.All of the houses in the eastern side of Urbana going to same elementary school. Currently our kids go to
Centerville and we like to keep everything the same.All of the houses in the eastern side of Urbana going to same elementary school. Currently our kids go to
Centerville and we like to keep everything the same.ProximityThis allows my kids to remain in the local area with the kids they have become friends with.School close to home. No change.That is makes our community whole again.would prefer if they stay in CenetrvilleLike attending the nearest school for accessibility and safety.My child can walk to school in 10 minutes with her friends.Nothing, it's crazy that you would move children that can walk safely to their elementary school to a school that they to.  This is going to make parents life miserable and people have to work how are we supposed to work around this?  These children that live between CES and the BushCreek area all walk home together
safely.  This is completely absurd to change that when they are barely 1/2 a mile from the school.Keeps my child at CentervilleIt keeps the kids closest to Centerville Elementary school who are within walking distance.Option A keeps more of the Centerville Community together and only moves students currently at CES to Sugarloaf ES rather than to either Urbana or Sugarloaf. District borders seem more logically drawn so that
fewer students have to be bussed past CES to a different school.Keeps more of the area immediately adjacent to Centerville Elem at that school.Keeps my children at the same school - CentervilleThat my children will go to Centerville where they at now, they will not have to change schools and go for another change in their lives after having a baby sister father deployed to Afghanistan and moving to a new
county to be able to attend Centerville.School proximity will keep bus times lowwe . stay in centervilleWe keep same elementary school and most friendsKeeps us at Centerville ESIt encompasses more actual walkers for Centerville ES, meaning fewer kids being driven or bussed to
Sugarloaf or Centerville ES.The plans seem to be more logical at all levels. No preference on either.It is very close and convenientDRAFT Option A keeps more students in the walking distance (PB138) to Centerville ES.Everything stays the sameOption A is not acceptable to those that are closest to Centerville Elementary. Currently, we are in walking distance of Centerville and with this option, us (on Shafers Mill) and many others who are in homes who have been part of this neighborhood for years longer than the homes down the hill are being bused off to Sugarloaf. We purchased our home because of it's walking proximity to Centerville.
This creates additional expenses for the Frederick County to bus students that otherwise would be able to walk. Additionally, for those who do not feel the bus systems is ideal, this will incur additional cost for our household due to current carpooling options that will be removed because students will be in different schools. Myself, along with the parents who live on Shafers Mill, Charterhouse and the other aspects of this neighborhood who will be bused to Sugarloaf when we can walk to Centerville will proceed with legal action regarding our students and the adverse effects of being bused in terms of safety, the length of day,
etc.This keeps the villages of Urbana intact (east side in CES district).  It doesn't divide neighborhoods as much.That we will stay in Centerville ESSame school. Better for my kid. No changeClose to our house. Good teachers and safe environment. My boys are going to school with their after school
friends from Urbana.Proposed boundaries closest to current boundaries. Keeps most of community the same.I like the idea since our kids can stay at the same school in the Villages of  Urbana. No bus pickup/drop-off will cause a lot of traffic going on in the neighborhood & the safety concerns to more students who walk to
school everyday then.Proximity, friends stay in same school, same environment for past three years.The line divides seem a little choppy on this concept.My children still go to Centerville and can walk theremy kid is already going CES, he would like to continue same school forSame Elementry schoolOption A is better than option B.I like that my children stay at their current elementary school as well as a good amount of the homes around
us.  This option seems to be the least disruptive of the two.Option A is preferable, because it almost satisfies my primary condition that schools be assigned based primarily on walking distance (about 1 mile) from primary residence, even if students are in a bus zone, or don't choose to walk. It is also the most rational option in the way that it divides the core Villages of Urbana and Urbana Highlands communities.
However, there remains the question of why so few students from outside the Villages of Urbana are assigned to Sugarloaf ES. Why do Urbana ES, and to a lesser extent Centerville, have such a far flung reach into the larger Urbana area, but Sugarloaf is restricted to only the Villages of Urbana? This option seems
unbalanced for that reason.Does not like option A. It does not consider road access to new Sugarloaf schoolKeeps areas together, makes most sense.It keeps kids who can walk to Centerville at Centerville. It doesn't break up Addison Woods like Option B does. My daughter is a walker who walks to the home of a neighbor and receives after school care from a family who is being redistricted in Option B. People have already established carpools that are being destroyed by Option B. Please let kids who are walkers continue to attend the school they can walk to. It seems like financially this would make the most sense as well. Parents consider walking vs busing when buying a house and yet this plan ignores that and takes kids who are walkers to Centerville and puts them on a bus (I assume because my child would never be permitted to walk that distance and cross all those
busy and dangerous streets and intersections).I LOVE that based on the feedback provided at the earlier meetings, you listened to the proximity to schools
criteria.please include Nottingham and Wyndham in option BIt looks like that the Centerville ES and the Sugarloaf ES are only serving their immediate communities. Everyone else in the area are being thrown to the Urbana ES. Urbana ES would rely heavily on buses to get kids to school from all directions in this area, which could be a huge problem. It does not make much sense.
Near proximity does not seem to work here.Option B is not good as children will be split when moving to middle school which is a critical time for
preteens and relationshipsI currently live in planning block 145.  My kindergartener is currently in kindergarten.  If option B goes forward, he would be leaving Centerville (with only a few students from his current schools) and be moved to Urbana.  Then, once he begins middle school, half of those new students that he would have been friends with at Urbana Elementary would be going to Windsor Knolls.  He would only be with a very small amount
of students who switched from Centerville with him.  This option is NOT ideal.Option B makes a ring around the Villages of Urbana/Highlands.  It seems that this option just takes
random neighborhoods and students and puts them together at Urbana Elementary SchoolOption B impacts the GREATEST number of K-5 Students.  This option splits the most middle schools.
Option A is the best choice for the Urbana area.I prefer Option AMy child will be changed from Centerville to Sugarloaf with both of these options.  Since there is no way around it, I would rather Option A.  This will keep students who have to switch out of Centerville to
Sugarloaf with more of their classmates.  This reduces the change that will be happening.My children ride a bus, so given the 2 different options I would rather they go to Sugarloaf since it is a
newer school.Option A makes the most sense.NoneMy house (Shawfield Lane) is in walking distance to Centerville and my kids should be able to walk there
instead of being bussed to Sugarloaf.Seems weird to be taking kids that are walkers to Centerville and making them bus riders. The children who stay at Centerville are going to be bus riders still, so why wouldn't they be the ones continuing to be bussed
to school and leave walkers at Centerville.My son will start kindergarten at Centerville ES for the 2019-20 school year. Presently that school is about a 10 minute walk to the school. Per the proposed boundary maps he will go to a new school Sugarloaf ES after one year of starting school. He will have to be bused. I don't like that he will switch after one year, and I
don't like that he will have to bus when we within walking distance.With Option A my 3 rd child would have to go into 5 th grade to new school for his last year of elementary.
Option B keeps him with in the development and the sand school he has attended since kindergarten.Option A appears to be a better planI LIKE OPTION AOPTION AVillage of Urbana should not be dividedPlease change the maps back to include Shawfield as attending Centerville. This was the case in all 3 of the
original ES maps and should continue to be the case. Please revise Option B.I vote for option AMy kids had previously gone to Centerville.  The change to Urbana ES is ok as long as we are in the same
community.No.Option A is basically initial concept 2 with minimal modification and we do not like itOption B makes no sense. It chops off right in the middle of a neighborhood.In option A, a part of the VOU is going to Sugarloaf elementary after crossing CES. If the map is seen w.r.t
roads, it doesn't make sense for half of the block to go to CES and other half to Sugarloaf.Cutoff for Centerville ES Vs Sugarloaf ES should be based on distanceIt makes absolutely no sense to take children that can walk to one school and ship them across town. Plus
with all the additional housing going in, Sugarloaf and Urbana ES will be overcrowded too.You should be assigned the elementary school that's closer to you and not have to bus it.Option B is not good as children will be split when moving to middle school which is a critical time for
preteens and relationshipsJust want to say thank you for listening to this community and their concerns leading up to the new draft
concepts, option a and b. Thank you for keeping this community together.Option A is the best to keep urbana as one.Please do not pull apart the Highlands neighborhood. Option A is the best, keeping everyone together.I hate that for 1 year my son would have to change schoolsInclude Bg Woods Rd map marker 10 in CES. Let him stay he last year with his friends.I don't believe it's productive to have kids walking miles to Sugarloaf Elementary.We live on penrose street and would be considered walkers to sugarloaf which is almost two miles away...
how can you expect kids to walk that every day? That's unreal.Nooption A my community togetheroption A I moved to Urbana because the schools and to give my children an  education than in other parts
of the state I would not be able to affordOption B is a disaster since it cuts Prospect street off.  It is too far to get to Sugarloaf ESPB 138 would be too far to walk to Sugarloaf ES. If this option is chosen I hope they provide a bus to the
school. We are currently a very short walk to Centerville.If Option B is chosen and my child has to move to Sugarloaf he must get a bus. It would be completely unsafe for him to walk to Sugarloaf from where we currently live on Shawfield Lane. It wound take him 45
mins to walk to school!option A is the most ideal option taking into consideration geography and location to schoolsI do not like option B.   I am in planning block 144 and this options takes jut 3 planning blocks out of the entire centerville population and moves us to Urbana ES.  I have no issue with attending Urbana but it seems unfair to this tiny percentage of students to be seperated from our neighbors and peers. I realize that with 2 of the 3 Urbana Elementary schools being in such close proximity to each other there are some kids that are going to need to go to a school that is further from where they go now.  However, I believe there should be a more equitable split.  Perhaps add the next planning block or 2 over to Urbana as well, and keep a few of the blocks currently slated to Sugarloaf at Urbana (which is essentially what Option A is.  I would love to see a priority of not isolating a small section of any school, which is what option B does for planning blocks 143, 144, and 145. I would even be OK with sending us to sugarloaf instead, since at least we could
stay with more centerville kids.All of the VOU kids will be attending a VOU elementaryStrongly prefer option B.I believe the most important issue is to get CES children out of portables.option A is betterRight now we are currently walkers to CES - BOTH option A and option B put us at Sugarloaf Elem. We live on SPicebush Drive and did a test walk from our house to the school. This is using crosswalks, sidewalks and the light at 355 intersection on Sugarloaf Pkwy. I clocked it WALKING at 2.06 miles for kids. I ASSUME and HOPE that a bus will now be provided to us with this change in ES. That is NOT a safe distance, nor
route for any child to be walking to and from school.Option B would be betterHopefully a bus would be provided for kids redistricted from centerville to sugarloaf (option b). The
walking route is not safe.PLEASE GO WITH OPTION ABoth are AWESOME!B takes a tiny portion of Centerville's population (blocks 143-145) and moves us to a different school than  the rest of the population. We live nowhere near anyone else at Urbana ES. I would like to see either a larger
portion of centerville going to Urbana, or move us to sugarloaf.Pleased with these options.  Hopeful these are the drafts that remain.Both options won't give too much relieve to UES in long run (over 100% utility in 2020, 2021 and 2028). However, option B will give a huge relieve in utilization for CES and the new Sugarloaf ES will not be
saturated as it is important to leave some room for the fast growing neighborhood near Sugarloaf ES.In ES Option A, Centerville ES will remain > 100% utilization in coming years, besides, the projected Oakdale ES utilization will reach 123% within 10 years which is far from ideal. The utilization rate of Option
B is much more balanced between school and the projected growth were taken into accountNonePB137 and PB141 are within the non-transport area of Centerville ES and these PBs should not be removed from Centerville ES boundary in ES DRAFT Option A. These PBs do not have any other roadway to get out of the neighborhood without bypassing Centerville ES. In DRAFT Option A, these two PBs were assigned to Sugarloaf ES which will create a disrupted traffic pattern in the neighborhood and compromise the safety of
school children in the Centerville ES area.No.ES Option A basically old initial concept 2. If you look at the ES option projection, the long term growth has not been taken into account. In contrary, ES option B taken all the community's comment into account and
the projection numbers are way better than option AMy son will be entering 4th grade in the fall.  I want him to stay with the kids he has known since kindergarten and graduate elementary school from Centerville.  I don't want him moved to another elementary school for a year and then to middle school.  It's too much change and he should be allowed to
stay with the friends he has been making for the last 4 years.  I vote OPTION A.In option A, a part of the VOU is going to Sugarloaf elementary after crossing CES. If the map is seen w.r.t
roads, it doesn't make sense for half of the block to go to CES and other half to Sugarloaf.I don't like the fact that we would no longer be a 1/2 mile from elementary school and now will be 2 miles away.  My children have walked and/or rode their bikes to CES which won't be doable to Sugarloaf
elementary.I would prefer option A onlyThese option were NOT what was previously proposed and appeared to have come out of no where. We have been tracking the redistricting conversation from the beginning and none of the options discussed were the current option A/B. Kids should be allowed to stay where they are now with new students
attending the the new schools within the new linesOption A makes better sense for the folks living in the HighlandsI just don't understand the rational behind busing  those who are already walkers.Well done redrafting these!Option B doe not makes sense. There are  still neighborhoods been build and children are going to be move around every so often to accommodate the volume of the school in addition of not been build yet. the
ground is not even open as of today at the construction site.Option AI would prefer option A onlyMy preference is for my child to continue to attend CentervilleThe redistricting of ES is not based on near proximity, particularly for Option B. It's not about the net increase of the number of school buses, but how early/how long do you expect students K-5 to be on buses
on every school day.option B should be for the new communities in process of being developedOption B results in adjacent sections within the Villages of Urbana being sent to different schools.
Centerville is closer than UES for the impacted area.  Therefore, I prefer option A.option B is not practical. the building has not started yet in addition that there is still move communities to
be build that are going to be using the school.nanElementary School DRAFT Option A is not a good option, the capacity relief is only short term and not sustainable. Besides, 3 schools still remain >100% utilization which contradict the whole purpose of the redistricting. Liberty ES Twin Ridge ES has too many students in Option A which will overwhelm their system. Green valley will reach over 120% throughout the years that is far from ideal. In my opinion Option A is definitely a no go. Whereas option B taken care of the long term capacity relief for all schools and the utilization in every school is more balanced. I understand the population in this area is blooming but at least I don't see any school go over 120% utilization over the next 10 years. Besides, the school boundaries is what the community suggested we fully support this option.Less students currently in the Villages of Urbana will be affected by Option B than Option A, therefore
making Option B a better choice for the community. Less is better!Wondering if/how this will impact transportation?  The cropper map shows non-transport zones, which
seems to be different than the current zones.  This is not clear.NopeThey both take kids that are walkers to Centerville and move them to be bus riders to Sugarloaf. This is
antithetical to one of your primary objectives.option a is the bestNaDraft B puts some homes closer to Centerville at the furthest elementary school.Draft A allows our young kids, who are developing relationships with their peers to keep and grow those
relationships as they progress through the early stages of interpersonal relationships building.No. I like Option A.my kids will have to change from walkers to Bus riders. their commute will change from 5 min walk to
significant increase in commuting time.Dislike not having a bus under plan A.Why move boundary if you will have to bus children to all elementary schools when they can walk right now? Addison Woods should not be the line when it is one block from the school yet people that live up top
in VOU will go to Centerville by bus? Makes no sense.I'm in favor of both options.Please consider keeping more students at CES. Please keep students who walk to CES at CES and those who must drive past CES to get to another school at CES.  One option would be to move PB 5, 27 & 26 to UES or
SuES and keep PB 137 and 141 at CES.I live in PB49; as long as my child will be bused to Sugarloaf Elementary in this option, I have no concerns. However, if it's expected that my small child will walk that distance to and from school daily, I will have very serious concerns.  The walk to Centerville is only 1 mile from my house and very reasonable for that age; I'm fine with moving schools, but would expect the county to provide transportation for a walk of that distance at that young age.
Assuming my child would be bused, I'm not sure why there is no option to move the kids who are already bused to Centerville to Sugarloaf/Urbana and make Centerville a school of entirely walkers.Option B moves my child across town passing the closer elementary to get there, resulting in a much longer day, more time on the main roads on a bus (increasing the chances of accidents on the road), and separation
from friends/neighbors in our community since only a few streets will have to switch elementary schoolsplease allowed my children to stay at centervilleA allows kids shortest travel time and provides for closest schoolplease keep the north part of urbana at centerville that is closer to the school and the still developing south
part in the sugarloaf and still devepolping school of urbana ES.In addition to the boundary assignment is much better in DRAFT Option B, the utilization in Option B is
much more balanced and the long-term vision is way better than Option A.A seems to keep a closer geographic area together and keeps us in same schoolWe're glad to see both of these optionsShould still focus on maximizing number of walkers to Centerville ES. Several planning blocks which are in walking zone for Centerville ES will now be in busing zone for Sugarloaf ES. It makes more sense to me to take one or more of the outer planning blocks for Centerville ES (which are already in a busing zone) and switch them to Sugarloaf ES. The difference in busing time would be only several minutes, or even less
given which planning blocks are currently zoned to shift from Centerville to Sugarloaf ES.NoIt may be better to keep all students living in PB137, PB138, or PB141 at Centerville ES.I like option AOption B is ideal as it keeps those in closest proximity to Centerville at Centerville. It allows those of us in the back of the neighborhood to remain together with very clear lines of where the students go.  This option
is best because it will not create additional busing costs for those who are able to walk.As new houses are built (seems to be no stopping this), how will Urbana ES not become horribly
overcrowded because of the vastness of its attendance area?School Bus is still important for the students.nanNoI understand that not everybody will be happy about both options, but option B is the better among the twoNoneNoI'm upset that we are currently walkers and neither option maintains this option.  I don't understand why students who are already bused are not redirected to another school instead of those of us who have kids
who walk?I think option A is less disruptive by keeping more students at their current schools.  Option B will be a lot movement for students who are entering 5th grade having to switch schools for their last year when they have built relationships and put down roots in one elementary school for the prior 5 years and then they will turn around and move to middle school the following year.  I understand there is never going to be a perfect time for this, but my son will be one of those 5th graders if option B is chosen and I do not think the welfare of this group of students is being considered.  I understand that the current principal of CES will be
the new principal of UES, but I do not think that will ease the transition.If these are the only two options, then I prefer option A. But, I'm hoping the district will modify the boundaries a little more to satisfy concerns related to walking/biking and sustainability in general. I think the Sugarloaf attendance area in option A should be extended Northwest into the more rural areas, and some families in the Villages (along Charterhouse and Belvedere) should be put in the Centerville
attendance area (again, because they can walk or bike to Centerville, but likely not to Sugarloaf).Voting for Option B. Option A is not well thought out.B changes/disrupts a lot of current boundaries.I don't understand why both options are so different from the 3 original options. It's very upsetting to see such drastic changes from one set of options to the other. It makes me wonder what caused such large
changes.Option B keeps kids at Centervillenothing because my children will be separated from their friends in addition of when the school will be
finishThe feeder patternThe borders don't make as much sense to me - especially with Urbana Middle School.  It seems like Urbana
Middle School gets the 'leftovers'Kids in the Urbana Highlands are assigned to the Urbana ES which is further away than the Centerville ES. Also, the total number of kids being affected in Option B is higher than Option A. In the long run, the predicted utilization for the Centerville ES goes down to about 75%, but the predicted utilization for the
Urbana ES goes up to around 105%. Option B is not appealing in the long run.nothing - children currently going there will be bused further with option BI do NOT like this option.NothingNothingOption B takes a small amount of children who know each other from Centerville and moves them into Sugarloaf.  This isolates them.  This also takes students on one side of the street and sends them to Urbana,
and the other to Sugarloaf.  Option A is a better option.It keeps all the kids in our neighborhood within the neighborhood schoolsKeeps Urbana kids in Urbana Schools, my child would attend a new schoolI live in PB 145, so I am not happy about switching schools which would entail us reworking and setting up
meetings with new staff to have my children supported.nanES is not close and logistically doesn't work.Does not make senseI don't like option B because despite my house on Shawfield Lane being only 3-4 blocks from Centerville they would have to go to Sugarloaf. My children would no longer be able to walk to school and a bus would
be needed to take them to a school that is not walking distance.I do not like option B as it takes only a small about of CES kids and moves them to a new school..That it will be a brand new school.Nothing.  NE corner or Villages, now at Centerville have to traverse 2 areas to get to ES on other side of
Urbana.  Dumb.  Put E Urbana and new Villages at those schools.  why isolate our area? Look at the map.I am indifferent on the ES options. I like that Centerville is kept well under capacity.It keeps my child in the developmentNot likeIt keeps all of the immediate area around Centerville togetherI do not like Option B, it appears many more young kids will be walking far distances to schoolNOTHINGNOTHINGDoes not make sense to put east part of Village of Urbana into Urbana ESNothing. My children will lose their ability to walk <0.5 mile away and have to be bused or drive instead to Sugarloaf which makes no sense from a health, wellness, budgetary, or environmental perspective. Also, kids from PB141 will still be bused to Centerville. Why should PB141 take buses to Centerville when my
kids are actually walking distance to Centerville?Very littleIt keeps our kids in Urbana, it provides a bus, and they will go to the very newest school.It is walkable from my neighborhood.I'm really grateful that the Cropper GIS and FCPS did listen to our voice, Option B incorporated our
suggestion and is the one that we preferred.Nothing.  It divides many neighborhoods in half, is strange and cut off in weird sections of neighborhood.
Makes no sense.It keeps kids at the two sides of the carriage hill drive road in the same school - CES.Keeping Urbana Students within Urbana SchoolsI don't like this option at all for those who live on Shawfield Lane.nothing - children currently going there will be bused further with option BAffects other family members and before and after care optionsNotjkmgNothingNothing,NothingI like that my portion of the Highlands stays with Centerville ES, but do not wish to see the neighborhood
pulled apart. Therefore, I do not like this option.NothingSam as option A, he is sent to a school when ALL he knows are in CES or Sugarloaf.It's stupidSee above answer.Keeping all Urbana kids in Urbana.I don'tNothingNot sure.nothingnoDo not like this option.  VOU/Urbana Heights is a large community and is already split into two
elementary schools.  This option makes it three different schools, just for a few families.  Not a good plan.NothingI like ES Option BSugarloaf is a great school.Nothingi dont like this option b/c it separates kids who are on the same street/alleyI do not like itI don't like it, it moves my kids to a much farther school.I think I remember from the presentation that this option does provide some capacity relief to Centerville.I like this option as it makes the most sense logistically and allows him continuity in his ES, finishing the
same school his brothers attended. We are also able to walk if we chose, not possible in Option A.I like seeing that the numbers are finally well below 100% percent capacity and hopefully children will no
longer need to be in those unsafe portables.Option A is better.I prefer option APreserves walk-ability to the schools and would be better for my kidsno opinionNOT LIKE IT.Keeps my kids in CentervilleNothing, except we are still in an urbana schoolPleased with this alternative, changes to Urbana ES, but keeps us within the same community and friends.Having PB141, 137 back to CES and PB138, 134 and 135 to Sugarloaf ES will ease the traffic concern at the intersection between Carriage Hill drive and Sugarloaf Pkway as the opposite school traffic will be eliminated. Option B definitely will have less impact on school neighborhood and fulfill the most important criteria voted by the community in Policy 200.2: proximity to school for all the kids going to elementary
schools in Urbana.I like the utilization of ES DRAFT Option B, every school is well balanced and the long term growth of the
area is well considered. Well done FCPS and Cropper GISOption A is better.    Keeps everyone in the Urbana Planned Unit Development/Special Property Tax district at the Elementary Schools  This is the reason why many live in the PUD to stay in the neighborhood school rather than a adjoining neighborhood school.  Additionally, this is one of the weighted factor in
purchasing in the PUD and pay more in taxes.I like the logistic pattern of DRAFT Option B, all the neighborhoods assigned to Sugarloaf ES are route directly to the school without passing either Urbana ES or Centerville ES. This optimize the traffic pattern
within the communityLike A better.I actually do not like this draft at all.  I don't understand why the area for UES would surround the entire area, while having CES and Sugarloaf be placed in the middle.  These lines seem to divide the community
even more and in ways that are strange.Nothing it's not good for UrbanaThis sucks.MS Option B is the new plan after listening to community opinion, the suggestion from community has
been implemented and we are fully aware of that and we support it 100%It's an ok fall back option but I don't like the idea that 18 kids will be shipped to WKMS under this scenarionothingIt keeps kids at the two sides of the carriage hill drive road in the same school - CES.I don't like the fact that we would no longer be a 1/2 mile from elementary school and now will be 2 miles.
My children have walked and/or rode their bikes to CES which won't be doable to Sugarloaf.not goodThis option makes no sense. It has children that live .25 miles currently walking to Centerville moving to Sugarloaf almost 2 miles away.  Conversely,  there are kids that can currently walk to Sugarloaf going to Centerville and will also have to be bused to school. This is an unnecessary cost and should be taken off the
table.I do not like option B. We will pass Centerville to get to Urbana ES.Nothing! I find it ridiculous that we were walkers and now will have to be bused. And would find it WAY
too unsafe for them to be walkers that new distance.Keeps neighborhoods togetherI do not like it.noSchool is newnot goodMy preference is for my child to continue to attend CentervilleYesI don't like Option B. It splits students in two ES to two MSdo not like itnothingnanI like all schools are below 100% utilization which fit the purpose of redistricting. Also there are fewer students living in non-transported area, the proximity is being considered in this concept. Besides, I think the boundaries for the school in Urbana area is the best among all the initial concepts and options, there is no cross traffic bypassing one school attending the other school, the traffic pattern is optimized and the
safety of walkers are being taken care of.More students who are living in Villages of Urbana could continue to go to Centerville ES instead of to Sugarloaf ES, thus reducing their time on school bus on each school day. The option B also makes it possible
for more students to walk to the school, reducing the use of school bus.I do not like itMaps make more sense to me for Centerville, Sugarloaf and Urbana ESIt fixes capacity issuesStill not accommodating the walkers to stay in CE and including all the singer bones and having to move
the walkers from the town homes and still splitting the Neighbourhood in half is very disappointing!I like this plan better for my household, it keeps a larger chunk of people together within different clusters
of the neighborhood.We live in the eastern most side of Urbana, and it will be very inconvenient to drop and pick kids.We live in the eastern most side of Urbana, and it will be very inconvenient to drop and pick kids.Do not prefer option BNoneSchool farther from home. not in neighborhood.That is make our community whole again.would prefer if they stay in CentervilleI like having a bus to this location.NothingNothing, it's crazy that you would move children that can walk safely to their elementary school to a school that they to.  This is going to make parents life miserable and people have to work how are we supposed to work around this?  These children that live between CES and the BushCreek area all walk home together
safely.  This is completely absurd to change that when they are barely 1/2 a mile from the school.Urbana ES will be a new buildingIt keeps the kids closest to Centerville Elementary school who are within walking distance.It keeps my planning block at CES.Nothing - I do not like this optionDon't like as much as AnothingI appreciate that the voice of community is being heard and reflected in DRAFT Option B. PB137 and PB141 are very isolated neighborhood and have no other road to access except the carriage hill drive, which is where Centerville ES located. Besides, these two PB are within the no-transport area and they do need the Centerville ES the most. I like the DRAFT Option B that these two PB are assigned to Centerville ES which is
the closest that can reduce travel time and students do not need to bypass any school as in the initial concepts.We are still in an Urbana school but I like A betterKeeps us at Centerville ESIt makes for a slightly more coherent demographic for Centerville ES (more single family homes) and
appears to slightly lower the number of students going to Urbana ES, lessening the risk of going over capacity in future.The plans seem to be more logical at all levels. No preference on either. The plans seem to be more logical at
all levels. No preference on either.I do not likeDRAFT Option B reduces the transport distance (to Centerville ES) for students living at PB137 and PB141.
Otherwise, they need to transport further to Sugarload ES in Option A.Middle school option keeps everyone in UrbanaOption B is ideal as it keeps those in closest proximity to Centerville at Centerville. It allows those of us in the back of the neighborhood to remain together with very clear lines of where the students go.  This option
is best because it will not create additional busing costs for those who are able to walk.I generally dislike this option.  This divides the east side of VOU in a way that splits neighborhoods in an odd (and, frankly, arbitrary) way.  This would take overcrowding pressure off of CES, which is a positive
development.That we will stay in Centerville Elementary schoolDo not prefer since my kid needs to go through the change and also far from my house for droppingnanI like option B because all neighborhood attending Sugarloaf ES do not need to bypass Centerville ES, the
safety of students are considered.It's Ok since our kids still can stay at the Villages of  Urbana school although it's further away from our
house.Like the concept that my son stays in UMS but did not like that my daughter has to go to Urbana
Elementary as we stay within mile of CES.The line divides make more since in proportion to the schools  and has my voteMy children still go to Centerville and can walk thereIts not good fit for my son and he will be 3rd grade in sep 19, since he need to change teacher , school ,
friends , day care etc , that will be big change for him in last two years of his elementary school and its  far from my current homeDon't like at all.I do not like this option.  I do not understand how cutting off a small portion of the backside of a neighborhood and sending them to an elementary school on the complete opposite side of Urbana makes any sense.  I can understand making route 80 a dividing line, but not Braidwood Drive.  My children and others the live behind us will have to drive past their current elementary school and spend extra time on a
bus.  It just does not make sense to me.I do not like this option at all. We currently live in the portion of Urbana Highlands that would be cutoff from the rest of the surrounding Centerville community and forced to attend Urbana (which is of course a wonderful school). The issue is that we currently walk or bike our child most of the time, but this option
would make walking (and biking most likely) unviable.Option B has been much thought out option, it consider proximity and road accessibility to the schoolsNot a huge fan but would be ok with it; weird boundaries. Encloses small area (kids therefore all around
Centerville & Sugarloaf would go to Urbana).Nothing. It's truly shocking that this is an option especially after the first three Options from the initial
round.There is a small attendance area, keeping class sizes small.I like being moved to East County ES because I am not happy with admin at our current school.It keeps us in our most local elementary school with our closest neighbors.nanNo opinion.I don't care, my kids are done with elementary school this year.Keeps LL togethernanKeeps me in my current district.Yes!!It's fineI am eager to have my kids attend the new elementary schoolnanKeeps the neighborhood with their childhood friends.Fewest # impactedIt keeps the Eaglehead at Linganore boundaries intact.Our village will be kept with the rest of the community. My daughter will attend Oakdale high as expected
when we purchased our home.New elementary school to lessen the burden on deer crossingI think that Option A is best because you are still leaving the smallest foot print as the Westwinds
community is not impacted.The villages of Lake Linganore are together through middle and high school as they are now. It seems unfair to cut off one village from the rest. Like Woodridgge was disappointed, with the first round, it is disappointing to see that now the Meadow and Balmoral are split. This confuses me since Pinehurst and Summerfield are closer to NMMS. I would love to see villages stay together and at the closest location. if
things gave to be divided, it makes more sense to me to divide the new houses not the established.EverythingMeadows/Balmoral do not get split from the rest of the LL community besides WW who is currently splitMy kids will continue to attend DCES. We moved to our current home do they would attend DCES.All of Lake Linganore remains togetherYES!!Like itElementary schools will not be over crowdedlooks greatKeeps the LL community togetherKeeps our kids together who have grown up together.i like keeping all the neighborhood kids together!It keeps Linganore as a community together which is the whole reason we moved here.All of Lake Linganore remains togetherKeep community togetherKeeping our community kids together as the continue to grow and through their lifeline educational
experience.Close to the communityWe are still at the same schoolsI am not personally affected by the elementary school. It is exciting to go to the new school and have
updated technology and establishing a new culture. It seems like the draw area is smaller than in option B.The Meadows is one of several LLA neighborhoods moving to the East County ESIt keeps most of LL in the same schoolAcceptThat our current situation won't change and friends/neighbors will not be separated.It keeps all of Lake Linganore together. We are a very close knit community.it doesn't separate neighborhood kids from each other and makes the most senseThat my son will stay in the school district currently assigned with all his friends.nanIt keeps all of the existing kids in the same schools.Glad to be at new schoolnanKids would go to Deercrossing.My kids continue to go to school with their neighborhood piersAcceptThat most of Lake Linganore villages stay together.My children would go to the new east elementary school and there would be less crowing at deer crossing.
It also keeps our neighborhoods together and in district path for Oakdale schools.Keeps the community togetherKeeps LLA community together.I have no problem with itKeeping the community together and not uprooting my daughter late in her schooling to a new school
when she has established activities at her current school.N/A - by the time the school is built, I won't have an elementary school aged childNothingIt keeps us in the Oakdale DistrictKeeps our kids togetherKeeps all of Linganore neighborhoods togetherRetains Deer Crossing ESOption A allows for WestWinds to not split their neighborhood into 2 elementary schools.nanIt will keep my daughter in her current school and with her current group a children that she's been in
school with since K.This doesn't effect my family. Both options have it redistricted from current.I understand the need for some areas to fill the new elementary school. I hope that the school will consider
opening with grades K-4 and keep 5th graders in their home school for that last year.keeps neighborhood kids togetherKeeping the neighborhood kids together.  Strongly want this optionIt doesn't divide the neighborhood and break up the sense of community that we've developed.My understanding is that Option A is the same as Option B for my child.  I assume her last 2 years will be at
the new East County School.smaller area for new East County ESMakes senseRedistricting doesn't affect our ES child, but the areas seem to make senseThere is no difference between Option A and B for Elementary School.that it keeps all of lake linganore togetherWill keep LLA community children in the same schools as their neighborhood friends! Better sense of
community. Please don't split these kids up.NaLake Linganore stays together for middle and HSFor us A& B are the same.It will relieve Deer CrossingWhile it would be nice to have our community stay the same, this option has the least amount of impact and seems to be split effectively. It makes sense for the North side of LL to go to the New Elementary because of
proximity.It is important to me that all of Lake Linganore residents stay together as much as possible.It is by far the best option for my family and my immediate area.Community stays together.support - keeps with LLA communitynanI like that overcrowding at Deer Crossing is addressed and the division between Lake Linganore
neighborhoods is fairly equal.Lake Linganore neighborhood stays togetherDraft A keeps our neighborhood more intact and distinguishes a solid feeder pattern.Keeps children in the grades together from the neighborhood.  Does not adversely affect children by
changing their schools on them.It prevents splitting the new East County School at the middle school level; splitting schools was a concern
for parents during the March presentations and I thought it was to be avoided. We live in PB 154.Both options have us as the same school.Includes all of MeadowsLeast disruptive for incumbent children.-All of Lake Linganore stays together at the same schoolIt doesn't change the school we attend at all, so seems fine to me.Keeps us at Deer CrossingUnsureUnsure-I like that option A splits lake linganore evenly between deer crossing elementary and the new east county
elementary school. Except for west winds, who would like to stay at new market elementary.nanThat the community stays togetherI would have preferred our community to stay at DCES.The attempt to keep larger sections of the neighborhoods more together.nanThe Meadows should be kept with the rest of Lake Linganore. Our kids have made close bonds with all of
Lake Linganore and not just the meadow.nan-I like the Elementary School Draft Option A because it affects the least amount of children. Our school Deer Crossing gets split into 2 schools the new east county elementary and Deer Crossing. We would belong the new East county elementary school in both options but here we basically split lake linganore into 2 schools and leaving some room into the new school for growth from development. let's just add that these kids at elementary level are going to be split from their friends no matter what but since the split is almost even it
will be less traumatic and they will still see faces they know at the new school.Option A reduces the amount of time the students spend traveling on a bus, increasing family &
recreational time. Smaller class sizes.With respect to the impact to the Lake Linganore Community, I like Elementary School Options A and B.It keeps the neighborhood that I currently live in (lake linganore meadows) in the new east county school
districtIt keeps all of the Lake Linganore community in the same school district.Its closer location to our neighborhoodNothing, it splits our neighborhood and our kids will lose their friends at a significant time in their lives and
have to start over.Keeps kids togetherI prefer this option in that it keeps the Lake Linganore community together in the same school.  The new development should be left out in that one, it is new and the relationships will be new anyway and two, it gives the home buyers clarity as to what schools their children will be attending at the time of purchase or
construction.A and B place us at the same school.Does not affect meNoKeeps the same kids from Oakdale MS to Oakdale HSIt keeps my family in our home school.Keep Lake Linganore togetherIt keeps most of Lake Linganore together in two schools (Blue Heron and Deer Crossing)  Only Westwinds
is separated in New Market.I like that the Lake Linganore community stays together (minus West Winds which is already separate).I like it because it keeps my community together and impact the least number of children. it also has a more
balanced enrollment utilization at all levels.It keeps Oakdale middle and highMy son will be going to the new elementary school in either proposal so I don't have a preference either
way.don'tBoth option A and B have my children attending the new East County  Elementary School which is closer to
our house and our community, this great for my children to remain connected with children in close to usIt alleviates crowding at DCES by moving some students to the new BHESNo opinionCommunity unityBoth Elementary drafts look fineBalmoral and the Meadows (PB154, 157, and 159) have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is  a well connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these
students socially from the greater community.It will alleviate the current overcrowding of Deer Crossing Elementary.Preserves feeder patternI like there are fewer students impacted by Option A.That it keeps all of Lake Linganore together as they are now. My neighborhood and balmoral would stay with their classmates and continue to thrive. There are not enough students in these 2 neighborhoods to even make a difference in the school population. The new hamptons east and west isn't even built yet and thus would not affect anyone    they would know what they are moving into. Option A needs to stay and
keep the current kids together, I still can't fathom why these 2 small enclaves would be considered to be
separated.All of the communities that border the lake and summer field stay together in Lake LinganoreBoth options put us in new Elementary school so I an indifferentNoneit is consistent with the current boundaries-I like how Blue Heron ES students will stay together throughout middle school and high school.NothingIt keeps the Lake Linganore community togetherI like that Option A because it unites our community with West Winds and the new community while relieving the overcrowding at Deer Crossing, and accomplishes a better feeder pattern, it also accomplishes
more long term consistency to our community which seems to fall in a pattern of continual redistricting.I like that it keeps the villages of Meadows and Balmoral in the Oakdale High School feeder pattern and
keeps the Westwinds village where they want to be.I don't like that it breaks up our communitySeems like smaller population for the new school, which is where I believe my son will be going.We like both options for elementary schoolReducing the overcrowding in DCES while still preserving existing feeder patterns.The allocation of neighborhoods/students among the new East County elementary and Deer Crossing is
appropriate.I like that Draft Option A allows PB 146 to remain in NMES, which is their current assignment. It also keeps
the proximity of the schools and the homes closer, which is a very important issue to me.I like that it keeps the Meadows and Balmoral in the OHS feederIt is fineThat my son stays with his friends going to Oakdale HSdoesn't include nw areaI don't like how divisive both options seem within the neighborhoods.nanExcited about the new school!nanKeep A for the meadows and balmoral residents to stay with friends they have in linganore community!!!nanI prefer option A because it will keep the majority of our community together.nanOption A keeps the neighborhood with their childhood friends.Option B please!!!! Even if it impacts more kids, it's better for school capacity across the board.Option A keeps the Eaglehead at Linganore boundaries intact.  The new elementary school is within the
Eaglehead PUD so it makes sense that neighborhoods within the development would attend this school.NoPrefer Option ANoAnanLinganore is such a united community.  We love seeing our school friends at the lake and pools.  Separating
the community will upset everyone for sure.NoNono commentI recognize that LLA is too large to keep together in this redistricting, but it is important that one or two
communities not be isolated from the restPrefer aOur children would not drive past an elementary school to get to another with this plan.NonanDraft B makes sense. To send the Meadows and Balmoral to New Market ES/MS and Linganore HS and Pinehurst and Wodridge to Oakdale district doesn't seem right. The Meadows and Balmoral villages is a tiny portion of Lake Linganore and shouldn't affect the school population. Lake Linganore should stay together.
In order for Meadows students to drive to New Market Elementary/Middle Schools they literally pass Pinehurst Village (an Oakdale district portion of Lake Linganore in plan B) and DeerCrossing (an Oakdale district school in plan B) to get to school.  Oakdale MS is closer to to the Meadows and Balmoral then New Market ES/MS. So how in the world does that make sense.
Also before there were 3 options, now only 2. What is going on?
Please just make a decision so we have time to move if plan B is chosen. We have invested too much time
with teachers and coaches at Oakdale HS/MS to move to Linganore HS. Do the right thing and keep Lake Linganore Students together.Stop over developing!!!Option a is the better choice.It seems like the folks who are making these options are looking at maps and listening only to the most
vocal complainers when compiling new options rather than any type of beneficial analysis.NoWe were here first and this should be grandfathered into the original plans that were told to us when we
purchased.new properties should be part of new feeders and told that before buying.nanNopeKeep the kids at Deer CrossingOption A: Would like to see our kids continue in the same schools as their friends that they play sports with,
spend summers with and build relationships with.NonenanWe are all trying to keep our kids and our community together. Stability is important for children and they
older they get the more change disrupts that stability.no, i would prefer option aNo.looks goodnanNoOur kids will attend the new ES in both options.  I'm fine with either.Although the 2028 capacity numbers exceed 100% for 5 schools, Option B has smaller percentages of
overcapacity than option AA& B are the same for usNoIt is the same as Option A for our LL neighborhood, which is really what I'm focusing on.N/A.like A not B for MS and HSThe West Winds village of Lake Linganore (PB146) is currently in the Linganore Feeder and wants to stay
there, so option A may be preferable for them. Even though they are a village of Lake Linganore, they have their own board and operate independently in some manners from the rest of Lake LinganoreDraft A handles the overcrowding at the elementary school level without rocking the boat as much.Both option send students attending DCES to the new ECES (this is a good thing).I'm largely concerned about the Middle School split at the East County Elem School under Option B.I don't like splitting communities.NoGreat layouts, either is a good solution.-Option b is not a good answernanUnsureUnsure-nanDisappointed that children still in elementary school at Deer Crossing will be moved from their friends to a new Elementary School (many who have been with the same children since kindergarten). While I appreciate the effort to try and keep a majority of the neighborhood together, it would be nice if the entire neighborhood (Lake Linganore, or even Eaglehead section as a whole) together. I understand this is not always possible, it just adds in a seemingly unnecessary transition for these kids. I am happy to see that in Option A these children will continue to the same Middle School. I do not like that this does not happen in
Option B.nanThe Meadows should not be split from the rest of Lake Linganore. I've heard about an option that would move the meadows back but not the new Hamptons. Our children have already formed tight bonds with all
the areas of LL and should not be split upnan-Option A is the best optionnanNoNo thanks.The children in the Lake Linganore community will be split up from their close neighborhoods and that is
not good.NoKeep meadows with the rest of linganoreI am very concerned about the safety of non transport students. Meadows is very close to the new school  but our neighborhood roads are unsafe for elementary school kids to walk to school on. Just last month a car sideswiped another car so hard it flipped and took out power to a portion of the neighborhood. There are no
sidewalks and the roads are very narrow.nanIt's very important to keep the kids that are in MS to go to the same HS as their neighborsI felt that the option B was the better choice.  It really take the neighborhoods in account and keeps
neighbors together better.Keep Lake Linganore together as a community.In both option A and option B our specific village of lake linganore is going to the new Blue Heron ES.  I am
hopeful that this will be an equivalent school both in quality of the teachers and curriculum.I strongly feel DRAFT Option A is a better option for the Lake Linganore community. DRAFT B separates our connected community. I feel a better option would be to place the Meadows and Balmoral back into the OMS/OHS feeder pattern. Please creat a DRAFT B where the Meadows and Balmoral continue in the
OMS/OHS feeder pattern.We are requesting that the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows, planning blocks 154,157,159 be moved back into the OHS feeder under Option B as it does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middle school level and actually better balances out year overcapacity rates between LHS and OHS under this option. Reasons why:
Capacity and School Utilization Numbers:
o Balmoral and the Meadows have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is a well connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these students socially from the greater community.
o Under Option B, moving Balmoral and the Meadows to the LHS feeder has little impact on capacity numbers at all school levels (less than 1 percent). In fact, moving us back to the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B would create a more balanced out year utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels. Redistricting Criteria:
o Per Policy 200.2, the Board set criteria for redistricting that is intended to guide the final decision. During the January voting, community members choose their top three criteria as priorities for consideration. Two of those criteria were Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. Moving us out of the OHS feeder goes against the criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community.
o Our neighborhood was redistricted from LHS into OHS just 8 years ago. It seems due to our location, we could be in a situation of continually flip flopping between feeders as additional schools are built. The Board's criteria also includes keeping redistricting to a minimum.
Split Feeders:
o It was clear from the March survey that parents prefer to avoid split feeders. Option B creates a split feeder at the elementary level. Additionally, a desire to have an even split moving from one school level to the next is not part of the overall redistricting criteria set forth by the Board and should not take priority over other factors when making a decision to alter an existing feeder pattern.
o Moving us into the NMMS/LHS feeder simply to achieve a 50/50 elementary to middle school split in the near term is not a sound reason to make a drastic change for these students. Hamptons West has yet to be built and could easily provide a better split balance as the homes are developed. As projection numbers are not always correct, trying to achieve a short term balance may result in a long-term imbalance as projection numbers have been incorrect in the past.
o Lastly, the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge had the March Option B (redistricted to GTJMS) removed from consideration as a result of their vocal petition despite the low utilization rate of GTJMS under both of the current options. Clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. As our recommendation does not create an over capacity situation in either option, we should be afforded the same consideration in
order to remain at OMS and OHS.Please keep the Balmoral and Meadows Area of Lake Linganore with the rest of Lake LinganoreB is a bad choice because it messes with the Oakdale middle and high districting, which I'd like to see stay
the samenanNoNoBalmoral and the Meadows (PB154, 157, and 159) have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is  a well connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these
students socially from the greater community.I like Option A the best.The elementary students in the meadows and balmoral of Lake Linganore would not be walkers. The
neighborhood is not supplied with sidewalks. The roads are dangerous to walkers.Noneoption B pulls in kids to the the east county elementary school who then do not remain with their peers
through middle and high school.-Option B almost completely separates the Meadows and Balmoral from their current school community. I'm not opposed to Option B as long as those neighborhoods get switched back to Oakdale MS and Oakdale HS. Having children separated from half of their community at that pre teen age is very jarring and
unnecessary.I want BOption A would help as the new community is being built around the Elementary School. The new families would know that their kids are in a Linganore Feeder Pattern. This would give them an opportunity to create bonds with fellow LL families in both feeder patterns, cause a better split at the elementary level
without splitting the rest of the community.What I do not like about Option B is that it is based on "even splits". In terms of priorities, an "even school split" is not listed in Policy 200.2 as a criteria for consideration. Moving a small number of students (roughly 100 at the elementary, middle, and high school levels) into a new high school feeder pattern simply to  satisfy a 50/50 elementary to middle school split is not a criterion of Board Policy 200.2 and also runs
counter to the wishes of the community.My observation is that the development of lake Linganore and the surrounding area is a challenge to say the
least. By keeping the feeding pattern the same causes the least amount of disruption.If I am reading correctly my son will be attending a new school after only one year in Kindergarten in both
options which does not seem optimal, but if Deer Crossing is overcrowded I am not sure it can be avoided.My response to each option is the same: It is important to keep kids in the same feeder for all three levels of ES, MS, HS. Looking at the maps, I am thinking Option B keeps more of the kids together for all 3 levels.
Option B will also prevent overcrowding at Oakdale High and Oakdale Middle, especially as the
developments near those schools continue to grow.nanThese two options would have a positive impact on the area communities, keeping students at schools close
to where they live and alleviating overcrowding at Deer Crossing.I like that it keeps the Meadows and Balmoral in the OHS feederIt is fineYou need to keep them both in OHS, I live in Meadows and my son is a minority and has already been threatened on a playground in the meadows 3 separate times.  I worry about him going to a HS where his
main friends are not.We prefer option A.I like being moved to East County ES because I am not happy about admin at our current schoolIt keeps us in our most local elementary school with our closest neighbors.nanLarger range of students in this plan.see aboveNothingnanNothing.Nothing you are splitting our neighborhood away from the rest of coldstream and linganore!!!!It's fineThe same answer listed above.nanNothingAll schools below 100% capacityNothingOption B is awful. There should be no splitting of the lake Linganore communityI like that both options keep feeders together.0Do not likeAvoid draft BNothingNothing!!!! It splits the communitySeems fineThe elementary schools will finally not be over crowdednanNot a fan.NothingNothingNothingWe are still at the same schoolsno commentI do not like option BacceptI don't like this optionI don't not like option B at all.I do not like option BnanI do not like splitting the kids.Glad to be at new schoolnanNothing.Nothing, it is splitting up our neighborhood.acceptThat those in the West Winds community who will go to LHS will be in ES with those students they will be
in HS with.It is an ok option, but option A is preferred.NothingNothingI have no problem with itIt keeps the Linganore pattern together. Best choice in my opinion.NoneN/A - by the time the school is built, I won't have an elementary school aged childStill nothingNothingnothingDid not review as has little to no impact on my familyI do not like anything about it.nannanThis doesn't effect my family. Both options have it redistricted from current.I understand the need for some areas to fill the new elementary school. I hope that the school will consider
opening with grades K-4 and keep 5th graders in their home school for that last year.i don't like it b/c it separates the neighborhood kidsNothingI don'tSame as above.noneSame as A. Makes senseRedistricting doesn't affect our ES child, but the areas seem to make senseThere is no difference between Option A and B for Elementary School.I like that it adds the meadows, balmoral and Westwinds moving over to NMMS and LHSI don'tThe new east county elementary will pull students from more than one existing elementary school.It will relieve Deer CrossingNothing.Option b doesn't affect me personally but it splits the community.ok - same either way for ES but not MS and HSnanI like that overcrowding at Deer Crossing is addressed and the division between Lake Linganore
neighborhoods is fairly equal.nanI do not like it as it creates a middle school split at the East County School and pulls the Lake Linganore Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows into the LHS feeder thus cutting a small portion of students off from
the greater Lake Linganore community. We live in PB 154.Both options have us at the same school.Includes all of meadowsAlso limits impact to existing school assignments.-no good outcomeIt doesn't change the school we attend at all, so seems fine to me.NothingUnsureUnsure-I prefer option A for elementary school.nanThat my kids won't be in an overcrowded ES. Youngest will attend the new school when it opensI would have preferred our community to stay at DCES.NothingThe attempt to keep larger sections of the neighborhood togethernanThe Meadows should not be split from the rest of Lake Linganore. I've heard about an option that would move the meadows back but not the new Hamptons. Our children have already formed tight bonds with all
the areas of LL and should not be split up.nan-This is my least favorite option because it moves more neighborhoods to The New east county elementary and will bring some more kids from other areas overcrowding it from the start, even though this area has  the highest amount of new development being built around so leaving not much room for growth and adding kids from west winds area (they don't want to move from New Market elem) and from Liberty which I guess don't want to move either. Kids need stability and making these moved the least traumatic for
them would be best.With respect to the impact to the Lake LInganore Community, I like Elementary School Options A and B.It keeps the neighborhood that I currently live in (lake linganore meadows) in the new east county school
districtNothing.its closer location to our neighborhoodIt keeps our neighborhood together and our kids will share the same friends in classes and not have to start
over.NothingI'm not in favor of splitting the existing Lake Linganore community.  For the reasons stated above.A and B place is at the same school.Does not affect meYesKeeps the same kids from New Market MS to New Market HSIt keeps my family in our home school & it does a better job at keeping neighborhoods together.Keep Lake Linganore togetherIt keeps ALL of Lake Linganore together in two school (Blue Heron and Deer Crossing).This is not a good DRAFT for our community.it is ok but adds more people from different communities that may not want to move into our feeder like
west windsI don't like it.My son will be going to the new elementary school in either proposal so I don't have a preference either
way.everyone stays togetherBoth option A and B have my children attending the new East County  Elementary School which is closer to
our house and our community, this great for my children to remain connected with children in close to usIt alleviates crowding at DCES by moving some students to the new BHESNo opinionClass size decompressionBoth Elementary drafts look fineBalmoral and the Meadows (PB154, 157, and 159) have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is  a well connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these
students socially from the greater community.It will alleviate the current overcrowding of Deer Crossing Elementary.Preserves feeder patternAll schools below 100% Utilization except for Liberty ES.this is a fine option for Hampton's east/west since there's no one there to be affected. Leave meadows and
balmoral together with the rest of LLA.Both options put us in new Elementary school so I am indifferentNonei don't like this option.-I think it's best for the childrenNothingNothing.It keeps the meadows and balmoral together. We are a small community in every way  and much closer to
Oakdale.Reduces crowding in schoolsWe like both options for elementary schoolReducing the overcrowding in DCES and keeping the neighborhoods relatively together with the new
school (Blue Heron)The allocation of neighborhoods/students among the new East County elementary and Deer Crossing is
appropriate.I like that Option B allows PB 177 to attend East County ES instead of Liberty ES, as the distance to Liberty
ES for this planning block is excessive.I don't like that it puts Meadows and Balmoral in the LHS feederBreaking up the Meadows and Balmoral into the LHS feeder seems short sighted.Nothing unless it stays with OHS, my son is a minority and his friends would go to OHS in either option.
I'm already worried about him having friends and not getting harassed.don't like itSeveral Lake Linganore villages move together to the new East County elementary school.  You are not isolating a small number of students in just a few planning blocks as propose in the middle and high school
levels of option B.It's fine.Nothing-  I am unhappy with the safety at Green Valley Elementary and the county continues to avoid discussing the issue.   The school is old and lacks infrastructure for continued development.  The number of children going there is going to continue to grow and there is no plan to fix anything there.  The community was told it is not on the county's ten  year plan.  In ten years there are parts of that school that are going to fall apart- the bathrooms, the front doors.  I have grave concerns regarding the entrance to the school and  the windows in all the classrooms.  Without walls, kids are sitting ducks.   We were also told that the community and safe and tell people if we have concerns.  So we are supposed to police ourselves and identify any trouble.   By the time something happens, it will be too late.  The county was given money to fix security at school and because GVES will be the hardest to fix, they put it last.  That is sad.  I fine it very troubling that so many young kids will be there next year and there is no plan to fix any security issues
there.Same place as we are already- very close to neighborhoodGreen Valley does make the most sense for our neighborhood based on proximity. However, I do believe it needs some renovations. We may also have to consider if that school will be able to hold the number of
children that will be sent there from the Landsdale community in the coming years.nanKeeps us in the same elementary schoolNo opinionNo changeproximity, no change to current schoolnot applicable to my middle schoolerI oppose option AIt seems to keep Green Valley at a smaller overcrowded capacity.I like that GVES and Centerville will have less kids and draw from a smaller areanot muchNothing. OvercrowdedIt is fine as it maintains the ES for which we are currently zoned.That my children would attend Urbana ES.ES school remains Green Valley for our communityNothing, it singles out Landsdale and force our kids to go to a HS that is farther away.FineNothing is changing so not sure what to say about thisNo opinionIt's fine. Same.My kids would stay at Green Valley.I like that the utilization is lowest for Urbana ESStays the same - GoodClose by but very old. Needs renovationNothing - It does not address overcrowding at Green ValleyClose by but very old. Needs renovationKeeps Lansdale neighborhood together and at closest schoolnanNothing.  This is not a feasible option that helps or prepares to relieve future overcrowding at Green Valley
ES .Im good with that optionNothingnanFine with the optionI like the location of option AacceptableI'm not sure which option is whatClose to neighborhoodI'm happy that it is Green Valley ElemNot happyNothing.  Green Valley is an unsat school.nanThis option keeps my children at Green Valley Elementary. The second option isolates part of our neighborhood and sends them to Twin Ridge. Since we are districted to Windsor Knolls for middle school, I
think it makes sense to keep the kids at a Windsor Knolls feeder elementary school.No answerNo change. Green Valley desperately needs to be updated/made larger to accommodate the number of
students. We had a poor year due to 30 kids in my son's kindergarten class.It seems that we are getting to a tipping point in the very near future to require a new public elementary
school in the area.nanN/aNoWhat is your plan to address to overcrowding at Green Valley ES?? There are 113 new K signed up as of
two weeks ago in May. What's the plan moving forward?? We do not want to wind up the next Urbana & Centerville Elementary. Plan now before it's  too late!!not applicable to my middle schoolerI only support option BWhen is the new elementary going to be thought of for Landsdale -- if not, are updates going to be made for Green Valley with the influx from Landsdale and the increased number of students?  They can't handle
parking from parents as it is and it will only get worse.They are both excellent plans to alleviate overcrowding in GVES and CESI like draft B for GV but for middle and high school i like option a.Green valley is not equipped for projected enrollment. It's already way overcrowdedNo.None.It is unfair and abusiveFineThey need to improve the security at GVNoThe lack of planned renovations to Green Valley Elementary School is concerning. This school is almost 50 years old and not currently on the master plan for renovations. This is unacceptable. Several brand new elementary schools are planned to be built, yet our children have to attend a school that's nearly 50 years
old. You need to prioritize renovations as well as new builds.NoArriving at Green Valley Elementary School for the first time was incredibly eye-opening.  Built in 1971, the school remains an "open-concept" and has had zero renovations.  Not even a safety vestibule when entering the building.  At first, I was not bothered by this.  I understand it is not the facility that makes the school great, it is the educators we have that allow for success. As I established myself as a part of the GVES community, I began to see where concerns lie. Our GVES educators, students, and school community are becoming increasingly severely impacted, and as far as I have seen in the documents published regarding the redistricting plans, there is nothing being done for Green Valley aside from throwing a few portables on the school grounds. As class sizes at Green Valley continue to increase, more dividers were added to the school to try and add "classrooms." In turn, this shrunk the square footage of the spaces while increasing the capacity of each square foot.  There are Kindergarteners in Green Valley this year (2018-2019) with 29 students in the room.  29 Kindergarteners in one classroom.  29 five year olds in one classroom. 29 impressionable young scholars, depending on their teachers to teach them to read and write and become mathematicians in a day and age where our curriculum demands more from our students.  29 students of varying levels and various backgrounds. 29 students that seek the social-emotional support and nurturing required to make a 5 year-old's first experiences in a public school wonderful.  29 babies being entrusted to a single classroom teacher in our public school system.  29 Kindergarteners in a single classroom is impossible to manage and differentiate for.  Students will get lost.  Students will not have their individual needs met. Teachers will become burnt out earlier. Teachers will be unable to provide each student with the time and attention it takes for them to develop reading and writing skills, all while having the most important job of all, teaching these children how to "do school."  How to sit at a table and walk through the halls.  How to raise a hand, how to complete a class job, how to transition between activities and stations.  Our babies deserve better.  Our teachers deserve better. And it is up to you as our elected representatives to pay attention to the reality our youngest students are living in each day.
According to the documents published with your 10-year educational facility improvement plan, the maximum capacity of Green Valley Elementary School is 499. At the June PTA meeting, Dr. DiMonte stated the current enrollment of Green Valley is 587. We are already 85 students over capacity.  In May, Dr.
DiMonte said we already have 113 students registered for Kindergarten alone next year.  My youngest child is one of them.  By the time my rising Kindergartener is in 2nd grade, in just 3 short years in 2022, the projected number of students to attend GVES is anticipated at 704.  Why is the current redistricting plan not paying attention to these numbers, and the improvements and renovations this building needs aside from
throwing a few extra portable classrooms our way?  That is a band-aid.  What is the REAL plan to address this?  Why has nothing been publicly addressed?NoNo, I and most of my neighbors strongly prefer to keep us in GVESGreen Valley ES needs a major renovation, or even better a new school to build instead. It is ridiculous that
in the 21st century kids and great staff are forced to attend and work in such an old, horrible environment.noWe live at 12345 Fingerboard Rd and our property (46 acres shares a boundary with Kemptown Park. The EAST side of our property line forms the boundary between Green Valley ES and Kemptown ES. We are asking the district to change this and use the WEST property line to be the boundary so that our house (the
only house on the property) belongs in the KES boundary.This grade school is being so quickly outgrown and is not safe.   It is not conducive to learning as students can hear everything going on in the class next to them.  Additionally, students can poke through the walls and disrupt others.  Additionally, the bathrooms are disgusting.   It is unfortunate that we think these facilities are ok to send students to on a daily basis.   I have major concerns regarding the deterioration of
the building as growth continues.NoCounty is failing to address overcrowding and nasty old schools.  The entire redistricting study is a waste
based upon the study's own numbers showing the same overcrowding will continue.It seems like Option B is better than Option A for the short and long-term with regards to minimizing
overutilization of the schools and not having overcrowding.noI hate to be the parent that complains but, I went to Green Valley and at this time both of my kids go. I love the school, my husband and I remained in this area because we love the small town farming life. Those moving here from Montgomery county want the new school and fancy building, send Landsdale to the
Urbana area and leave Green Valley aloneNothing has changed for our ES placementNoGVES needs to be renovated or replaced. The facility is inadequate. It has major safety issues and is not
large enough to accommodate the current student body or future growth.No...only that Green Valley is starting to get more crowded...wish they would consider updating the schoolNothingI'm concerned about over- enrollment at green valley with the development in the area. It's only going to
become more problematic as time goes on. Why were different elementary options considered?nanNoIt's fine.See above as they are the sameSame place as we are already- very close to neighborhoodGreen Valley does make the most sense for our neighborhood based on proximity. However, I do believe it needs some renovations. We may also have to consider if that school will be able to hold the number of
children that will be sent there from the Landsdale community in the coming years.nanKeeps us in the same elementary schoolNo opinionNo changeproximity, no change to current schoolnot applicable to my middle schoolerI like it and agree with itThe kids still go to Green ValleyI like that GVES and Centerville will have less kids and draw from a smaller areaIt reduces the GVES attendanceReduces overcrowding-even though just a few percentage points it's still better for the kidsIt is fine as it maintains the ES for which we are currently zoned.That my children would attend Urbana ES.ES school remains Green Valley for our communitymore peers will move to middle school with my kidsNothing, it singles out Landsdale and force our kids to go to a HS that is farther away.FineNothing is changing so not sure what to say about thisNo opinionIt's fine. Same.My kids would stay at Green Valley.Stays the same - GoodGood teachersNothing - It does not address overcrowding at Green ValleyGood teachersKeeps Lansdale neighborhood together and at closest schoolnanNothing.  This is not a feasible option that helps or prepares to relieve future overcrowding at Green Valley
ES .Im good with that optionI prefer that Windsor Knolls neighborhood remain in KES area.NothingnanNothing.  GVES is overcrowded and run down.  Fix it.reduces overcrowding for the futureokI like the location of option Bnot acceptableClose to neighborhoodI like the fact that more students are moved out of the GVES zone to help a little bit with terrible
overcrowding GVES is facing.Good that it is Green Valley ElemNot happyNothing.  Green Valley is an unsatisfactory school.nanI do not like this option. It isolates part of my neighborhood and puts us at Twin Ridge for elementary school. Then we are districted to Windsor Knolls for middle school. It makes sense to keep the kids at Green
Valley since it's a feeder elementary school to Windsor Knolls.Lower enrollment projection for Green ValleyOption B is my preferred choiceNothing.We do not like anything about Option A.  We are very unhappy with the suggestion that Windsor Knolls, Holbrook, and Loch Haven will be moved to UES.  This is unacceptable given the distance to the school and splitting up our well-established community and neighborhoods that go well beyond the 3 you have identified to be eliminated from KES.  The newer, highly compacted neighborhoods in urbana and  landsdale should be split up rather than splitting up the well-established neighborhoods that currently go to KES.  Plus, many families either moved away from or did not choose to move to Urbana and Landsdale neighborhoods to avoid the overcrowded elementary schools and specifically chose their home to attend
KES.  Futhermore, the windsor knolls community has a very strong presence in the PTA at KES.NothingI don't like either option but this one is better than option B.nanI literally HATE Option A. It would require my child to spend significantly more time each day to get to
Urbana ES, when KES is much closer and is a school that she is entirely familiar with. I find this plan unacceptable in every way.This seems to be the Best ES option so far in terms of distribution, bus usage, and trying to keep
communities together.My son stays at KemptownUnclearIt looks similar to what the boundary is now.My children remain within a decent distance from schoolPB 179 remains in Kemptown and remains with the planning block it was originally with, maintaining the
community.NO NO NONothing.  It puts my kids at a school that is not local.  This option is horrible.That our child will remain at her current school and half of her school will be on the same feeder path
through high school.We are planning block 29.  I DO NOT like that we would be removed from Kemptown ES.  For the sake of distance, I think Urbana ES is too far from our house compared to Kemptown.  This will increase time on the bus as well as the distance between my son and his classmates.  If most of his classmates live in Urbana area, he will be isolated from them - where as at Kemptown, we share the pool, playgrounds, and area with the community that he sees in school.  PB 29 and
What I DO like about option A is that PB 29 and 167 are together. I also like that my son would meet kids at Urbana ES that would eventually come to WKMS with him and then to Urbana HS.  Since the current HS plans split WKMS between Linganore and Urbana, it would be nice if the kids in PB29 and 167 are able to meet others from the urbana area before the split - which is not currently the case. I also like that you left PB
179 in Kemptown.NOTHING.NOTHING.Option A would NOT be best for our children. It I would mean distance to their elementary school would
double.I believe it balances the populations the best for the future growth of this region of FCPS.Keeping my children at KES1. Balances student population in near and long term.
2. Appears to diversely blend student populationsNothing; it makes my kids go to Urbana Elementary school, which is the fourth-closest to our house.Option A keeps us at Kemptown, Windsor Knolls, and Urbana High.  We chose our other son's daycare center to be close to Kemptown because we have before care for our 6 year old at Kemptown Elementary. Changing him to Twin Ridge would not only remove him from his already established before care center, but require us to go to Green Valley YMCA to drop off our 1 year old and then drive all the way to Twin Ridge to drop our other son off at his before care and then drive over to interstate 70.  It also breaks him away from the children on the other side of Penn Shop Road that live in Manorwood.  We've established a lot of friendships with those families and it seems silly that someone that could walk to our house would be
going to another school.family and lot good friendsIt allows more space at Kemptown in the future, which is good because Kemptown is not yet slated to be
updated or remodeled.DiversityWe are PB 179 and this will keep us in the same elementary areaNothing; it makes my kids go to Urbana Elementary School, which is the fourth-closest to our home.  My kids will have to get on a bus super early.  Also, when redistricting occurs again in five more years, they're
just going to get put back in Kemptown because Urbana is overcrowded.Not ideal.NothingNot a thing.  We live in PB29 and option A has our kids going to Urbana Elementary which is the fourth closest elem. school. There are ~95 K-5 students in our planning block, and to bus them to Urbana is
ludicrous.we are PB 179 and this will keep us in the same elementary areaNothing.  We are in PB29, and option A has our kids going to Urbana Elem.  That is nearly ten miles away,
whereas Kemptown is not four miles.  Urbana is the fourth closest elementary school.Mostly keeps current boundariesNothing.  While Option A may satisfy communities such as the Villages of Urbana, this option creates an unnecessary burden on the Kemptown Elementary School community by displacing 31% of its students (PB29 and PB167) to Urbana Elementary School.  It also limits the growth allowed at UES, which will
become over capacity one year after the implementation of the redistricting.Nothing.  It makes the kids of PB29 bus ten+ miles to school, meaning they're going to be out there in the
dark in the winter.  This is beyond dumb.Nothing.  While Option A may satisfy communities such as the Villages of Urbana, this option creates an unnecessary burden on the Kemptown Elementary School community by displacing 31% of its students (PB29 and PB167) to Urbana Elementary School.  It also limits the growth allowed at UES, which will
become over capacity one year after the implementation of the redistricting.Nothing.  While Option A may satisfy communities such as the Villages of Urbana, this option creates an unnecessary burden on the Kemptown Elementary School community by displacing 31% of its students (PB29 and PB167) to Urbana Elementary School.  It also limits the growth allowed at UES, which will
become over capacity one year after the implementation of the redistricting.I do not like the idea at all. Why is it even a consideration to remove students from Kemptown Elementary and move them to Urbana where the impact will be detrimental to both schools? Removing 126 students from KES will increase class size there and there is no projected growth in that area. Urbana elementary school will already be at 102% capacity within a year of redistricting. Why disrupt students and families in the Kemptown feeder to add to this only to send them back to WKMS then back to Urbana high? It doesnt
make sense and goes against the policy that BOE dictates.Going to LinganorenothingNothing.  While Option A may satisfy communities such as the Villages of Urbana, this option creates an unnecessary burden on the Kemptown Elementary School community by displacing 31% of its students (PB29 and PB167) to Urbana Elementary School.  It also limits the growth allowed at UES, which will
become over capacity one year after the implementation of the redistricting.Nothing.  It makes my kids (PB29) get bused over ten miles to Urbana Elementary school.Nothing.  While Option A may satisfy communities such as the Villages of Urbana, this option creates an unnecessary burden on the Kemptown Elementary School community by displacing 31% of its students (PB29 and PB167) to Urbana Elementary School.  It also limits the growth allowed at UES, which will
become over capacity one year after the implementation of the redistricting.Keeps my kids at Kemptown, which is the closest school to my house.Nothing.Nothing.  It makes my kids (PB29) be bused more than ten miles to school.PB179 stays in the KES districtNothing.  It makes my kids (PB29) have to be bused ten+ miles to Urbana Elem, meaning they'd be OUT
THERE IN THE DARK IN WINTER!!nanWe need a new option for this KES community. neither is acceptable.That it keeps us at kemptown for elementary schoolI do not like this option at all, it splits our elementary school unnecessarily.  It drops kemptown and overcrowds the other schools, removing my daughters close friends from our school at an important time in
her young life.Nothing. While Option A may satisfy communities such as the Villages of Urbana, this option creates an unnecessary burden on the Kemptown Elementary School community by displacing 31% of its students (PB29 and PB167) to Urbana Elementary School. It also limits the growth allowed at UES, which will become over capacity one year after the implementation of the
redistrictingThat my kids would stay at kemptown ESNothing.  The kids in PB29 will be bused 10+ miles to an overcrowded Urbana when they should be
attending Kemptown.NothingI like that it keeps my family in KemptownNot a thing.  It takes kids out of Kemptown Elementary and gets them on buses for 10+ miles to go to
Urbana Elementary which will be overcrowded in two years.I don't like option A at all. Removing students from Kemptown into a growing area when Kemptown has
little to no planned growth does not make any sense.Nothing. Kemptown students should be kept together. Windsor knolls and Lockhaven neighborhoods should not be dragged to Urbana elementary which is continuing to grow and will be overcrowded within
the first year it opens while Kemptown will be under capacity.I like option B better. For A, I am neutral.Still going to Urbana HighNothing.  It takes nearly 30% of Kemptown Elementary and buses them more than ten miles to Urbana
Elementary.NothingThis option makes not sense to Kemptown Elementary school students.  Projected growth within this part of the county does not align with redistricting children out of the KES boundary, especially to Urbana Elementary School
o Limited growth planned in the KES district (13 undeveloped lots; 6 projected additional elementary school children)
o Significant growth planned in UES district (136 undeveloped lots; 251 projected additional elementary school students)
o This option projects Urbana Elementary school at 102% capacity within a year of redistricting (2020 school year)
o Estimated capacity for Urbana Elementary goes up to 115% by 2028.  Moving children from KES exasperates the need and frequency for redistricting this area and does not allow UES the room to grow it so desperately needs
o Option A creates a double split feeder pattern for only 2 neighborhoods (Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven)
o Children in these two neighborhoods will split from elementary school to middle school (between Windsor Knolls MS and Urbana MS)
o 66% of the children that split are from Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven to WKMS
o It appears that the Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven Neighborhoods are being used as pawns to balance out the elementary to middle school feeder pattern split at the disadvantage of our children.
o Children are then split again at the middle school to high school level from WKMS between Urbana High School and Linganore High SchoolI do not agree with any part of option A.NothingnothingDo not like this option at all.no commentsLike this option as our area still feeds to KemptownI do not feel option A benefits students in the Kemptown attendance area, but does meet the needs of UES
attendance area by eliminating the splitting of their community - which would be preferably.No change for meI think the Kemptown cluster should stay as it is.That my kids stay at kemptownNothing.  It buses the kids from PB29 to Urbana Elementary, which is more than ten miles away.  So my
kids would be on a bus in the dark in winter,don't have elementary school agesNothing.  While Option A may satisfy communities such as the Villages of Urbana, this option creates an unnecessary burden on the Kemptown Elementary School community by displacing 31% of its students (PB29 and PB167) to Urbana Elementary School.  It limits the growth allowed at UES, which will become over capacity one year after the implementation of the redistricting.  Additionally, it causes PB29 and PB167 to undergo two feeder splits (one from elementary to middle, then again from middle to high school), which socially isolates these two Planning blocks.  There is no planned development in the KES boundary, and due to the restriction of waterlines run from the Potomac River Water Service Agreement, there will be no developments with access to non-well water and sewer services, which limits properties to the 1-2 acre
single family homes on private land sales.Keeps communities together but it does pull kids out of Kemptown ES which is not over utilized right now
and for the foreseeable future compared to Urbana ES.Would appreciate consideration of a new draft.I do not like draft A as it separates my neighborhood from attending KES and has my children transferring
to UES.My child doesn't have to move schoolsI am not in favor of this option at all.  It pulls our children (Windsor knolls/ Loch Haven) into an already
overcrowded Urbana area, and leave Kemptown at 71% capacity and underutilized.That we stay at KemptownThis option is bad for the kids of Kemptown Elementary.  Why are you emptying out Kemptown to
populate Urbana?  Is it to appease the parents of the villages, who don't want their kids to go perhaps anFor my street A & B would be the sameI do not like Option A.I do not support option A at all. In Option A:  Per the FCPS 2019 Projected Enrollment, Kemptown Elementary School is projected to have 422 students enrolled.  Redistricting PB29 and PB167 to UES would remove 126 students from KES.  Assuming equal distribution, that is approximately 21 children per grade (K-5) removed from KES.  For 1st grade current enrollment is 49 students. Future enrollment projection estimates a growth of 5 students, though this class size has remained at 49 students for 2 years now (Kindergarten and 1st grade).  Removing 21 students creates a class size of 33 students.  This is highly detrimental to their learning, as large class sizes is what we are trying to avoid in redistricting in the first place.  While this grade level example assumes equal division among grades with the removal of 126 KES students under Option A of the current proposal, it is possible that some grades may lose more children than others causing disproportionate class sizes.
Option A creates a double split feeder pattern for only 2 neighborhoods (Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven) o Children in these two neighborhoods will split from elementary school to middle school (between Windsor Knolls MS and Urbana MS)
o 66% of the children that split are from Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven to WKMS
o It appears that the Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven Neighborhoods are being used as pawns to balance out the elementary to middle school feeder pattern split at the disadvantage of our children.
o Children are then split again at the middle school to high school level from WKMS between Urbana High School and Linganore High School
Option A reduces Kemptown Elementary School (KES) Enrollment by 31% and moves 126 children from 2 neighborhoods (Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven) to Urbana Elementary School (UES)
o 31% of KES equates to 21 children per grade, or essentially one classroom per gradeNothing.  It takes 29% of Kemptown and puts them three times as far away in Urbana, which will be
overcrowded in two years.  This is dumb.Children in my neighborhood would go to a new ESNothing.  It buses the kids from PB29 more than ten miles to a school (Urbana) that will be overcrowded in
two years.I am in PB 179. I LIKE that PB 9 and PB 179 are together and still attending Kemptown. I DO NOT like that PB 29 and PB 167 are no longer at Kemptown. This scenario brings the school utilization way down. It will result in less parent involvement/engagement due to lower numbers of students and the significant involvement that the parents from PB 29 and PB 167 currently provide. There are currently a significant number of parental volunteers from these planning blocks. They are also heavily involved in after school activities and fundraising for the PTA. It would be a shame and disservice to Kemptown to remove these planning blocks from the school.  It will also likely result in higher classroom sizes. This will grossly under
utilize the school and most certainly have a negative impact on the children that remain.We do not like this option, and are incredibly saddened to see this.  This move will move Windsor Knolls/Loch Haven neighborhoods - planning blocks 29 and 167 - to Urbana ES.  Doing this will lead to larger class sizes, less volunteers, a skeletonized school, diminished PTA support, and significant disruption to our children.  It takes KES down to only 71% capacity, while moving kids to an already over populated area.  There is very little projected growth within the KES boundary, so our KES would stay relatively the same, and would allow UES growth in the coming years which they so desperately need.  This option also develops into a double split feeder pattern - Our children would go to UES, then would move back to WKMS (just our two planning blocks), and attend WKMS with kids from UES, KES, and Green Valley, and then WKMS would split between UHS and LHS.  IF PB 29 and 167 stay at KES, it allows for future growth in the Urbana area without adding to an overcrowding problem at UES.  Our KES community has proposed  an additional option to create relief at both UES and Twin Ridge ES - to keep KES the boundaries that they
currently are, to allow for full utilization of Kemptown Elementary School.The option takes into account future areas of growth reasonably well for the Urbana area.Option A makes no sense for the kids of PB29.  Busing our kids ten + miles to Urbana Elem makes no sense.Absolutely NOTHING.  Below are supported arguments AGAINST Option A. From an objective point of view, it seems the most nonsensical of the options for all concerned. For us, Option A poses many concerns that should be of a concern to the Board as they are in stark contrast to the aims and objectives of the 200.2 C Redistricting Rule.
1. #9 Impact on School Capacity & #10 Instructional and Operational Capacity of Involved Schools & #2 Frequency of Redistricting:  Option A reduces enrollment at KES and contributes to the enrollment burden at UES.
Option A reduces Kemptown Elementary School (KES) enrollment by 31% and moves 126 children from 2 neighborhoods (Windsor Knolls-PB 29 and Loch Haven - PB 167) to Urbana Elementary School (UES).
Projected growth within this part of the county does not align with redistricting children out of the KES boundary, especially to Urbana Elementary School. There is limited growth planned in the KES district (13 undeveloped lots; 6 projected additional elementary school children). However, there is significant growth planned in the UES district (136 undeveloped lots; 251 projected additional elementary school students).
Option A projects Urbana Elementary school at 102% capacity within a year of redistricting (2020 school year). Estimated capacity for Urbana Elementary goes up to 115% by 2028.  Moving children from KES exasperates the need and frequency for redistricting this area and does not allow UES the room to grow which it so desperately needs.
In Option A, moving PB29 and PB167 to UES from KES is a grave mistake.  The projected 2020 enrollment at UES is 102%, one year after redistricting.  Moreover, the projected 2028 enrollment at 115%.  This escalation will likely result in future redistricting as the growth in the Urbana area increases.
Conversely, the projected enrollment at KES with its current 2018-2019 boundary remains below 91% into 2028 with projected enrollment from the June 2018 EFMP Study.  It is unclear why the drastic enrollment projection numbers were updated in the June 2019 EFMP Study, with no planned or future developments in the KES boundary and only 13 undeveloped single-family lots currently available.  The June 2019 EFMP predicts an additional 100 students over the course of the next ten years, while the 2018 EFMP Study predicts steady enrollment at or under the SRC for KES.  The KES enrollment averages between 70-80% over the course of 10 years with no steady or extreme growth with the current boundary in place (2018 EFMP Study).  There is no publicly documented proof, or explanation of the moderate to large growth the 2019 EFMP predicts in the KES district.
As of the June 2019 EFMP report, there are 136 undeveloped lot in UES boundary and 13 in KES boundary. Future enrollment numbers per development (per Cropper GIS) are 6 elementary students in the KES boundary and 251 elementary students in the UES boundary.  This development will lead to significant growth expected within the UES boundary and adding PB29 and PB167 to the UES boundary will only exacerbate the problem and lead to future redistricting sooner.  PB29 and PB167 currently have 126 elementary school students within them.  This is a significant burden on the UES boundary.  Thus, moving students in PB29 (currently 96 students) from Kemptown Elementary is irresponsible in looking forward at future growth and school capacity needs.
Moving 2 planning blocks (PB29 and PB167) to UES adds to an already overcrowded school unnecessarily. This leads to the likelihood of large-scale redistricting in the near future as well as highly overcrowded schools.  However, leaving the KES boundary the way it is during the 2018-2019 academic year allows for the much-needed additional growth within the UES boundary, as shown in the projected enrollment data over the course of the next ten years.
Not moving PB29 and PB167 allows growth for UES without impacting capacity rates at KES.  The room these students would occupy would be better used for planned growth patterns, rather than the high probability they would be moved back and forth in the near future.  This would greatly impact our children (both the children at KES and UES) by increasing the number of times neighborhoods are redistricted, resulting in instability in neighborhoods and continued disruption of assigned feeder patterns.  Not only does moving children out of the current KES boundary do a great disservice to our children, but it would serve to exacerbate the problems this redistricting study is working so hard to resolve.
Option A Reduces KES Enrolment by 31% and Does Not Benefit UES. Option A does an Immense Disservice to KES Enrollment and Utilization for a Negligible Difference for UES in Option A.
In Option A Kemptown Elementary loses 31% of its 2018-2019 Estimated Enrollment - an extreme and unnecessary reduction.The difference between Option A and B is negligible for Urbana Elementary - a mere 3% difference in
reduction for Urbana between the two options, whereas the difference between Option and Option B for Kemptown Elementary is a startling 22% difference.
Why require KES to suffer a 31% reduction in plan A, when Urbana only gains a 3% relief?
1. Option A reduces Kemptown Elementary's Equated Enrollment from 102% to 71%. Option B reduces Kemptown's Equated Enrollment to 93%.
2. Option A reduces Urbana Elementary's Equated Enrollment from 103% to 91%. Option B reduces Urbana's Enrollment to 94% - a mere 3% difference.
2. #3 Proximity to Schools, in order to Maximize Walkers and Minimize Distance or Time of Bus Runs & #1 Educational Welfare of Students:
Option A harms KES students in PB 167 and PB 29, compromising their educational welfare with longer bus runs due to reduced proximity and puts elementary aged children (5+) at risk on bus stops in the dark in winter.
The distance between Kemptown Elementary and  PB167 (Loch Haven) is 2.5 miles; the distance between KES and PB 29 (Windsor Knolls) is only up to 4 miles. However, the distance between PB29 and PB 167 and Urbana Elementary is 12 miles.  Elementary students (as young as 5) riding the bus would be required to start their day earlier.  Currently, the students are picked up at 8:15 a.m.  The closest Urbana Elementary bus stop is currently on Fire Tower Lane (15 minutes from PB29), and their bus pickup is currently at 8:09 am. It is likely a bus pickup for PB29 would be close to 7:40 a.m. for elementary students (which is the time many middle school students in PB29 are walking to school).  In the winter, it is not light at 7:40 am, and this time much earlier than PB29s current bus pickup.  Placing elementary school children in the dark and at a middle school hour is irresponsible.  The early hour places KES students at another disadvantage to their new UES peers and undermines an equitable learning opportunity, as most will have been on the bus for more than double the time than if they had been permitted to stay at their neighborhood school. The run time and distance of busses would be greatly increased with this position, as Urbana Elementary school is the furthest elementary school in the Urbana High School feeder pattern from PB29.
Option A does NOT provide KES students proximity to UES, the school to which they would be newly redistricted under Option A. In addition, the lack of proximity to UES creates more problems: earlier start times for KES students and longer bus runs.
3. #7 Established Feeder Patterns: Option A creates a double split feeder pattern for only 2 neighborhoods (Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven).
Option A directly goes against the aims and objectives under the 200.2 rule.  ***Optimally, the FCPS redistricting committee stated that they found two redistricting splits disruptive; the committee prefers no more than one split.  Option A is, thus, in direct contrast to the aims of the LOU Redistricting Committee.***
Children in these two neighborhoods will initially split from KES to UES; then they will split from UES to middle school (between Windsor Knolls MS and Urbana MS). 66% of the children that split are from Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven to WKMS. Specifically, my child (will be starting fourth grade at the time of redistricting) who has been at her home school at KES for four years will be sent to Urbana Elementary for two years. Then, after adjusting there, she will be sent back to Windsor Knolls Middle to reacquaint herself with former friends - only to be split again two years later, when half of the Windsor Knolls Middle population goes to Urbana High School and the other half to Linganore High School.
It appears that the Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven Neighborhoods are being used as pawns to balance out the elementary to middle school feeder pattern split at the disadvantage of our children. Children are then split again at the middle school to high school level from WKMS between Urbana High School and Linganore High School.
In Option A Centerville ES does have 330 students moving to another school; however, it is important to note that the other two schools to which they are moving, Sugarloaf ES and Urbana ES, are both located in Urbana. All three schools are within a mile or a mile and a half from each other. Whereas, the other students affected by Option A (students from four other schools including Kemptown Elementary) would be redistricted to a different school not within their community. Unlike the student populations in Urbana they face the challenges of a of a new school, as well as a new community! In addition, such a move also adds an earlier start time to their day if they are bused to Urbana. A larger school, being ripped from their social
environment, and beginning their day earlier and more fatigued does not create an equitable learning environment for former KES students who will be adjusting socially, distracted by larger environments, and
tired before their day begins.
4. #2 Frequency of Redistricting & #7 Established Feeder Patterns & #8 Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities:
In summary, the Kemptown Community bears an unnecessary and undue redistricting burden under Option A. When one considers that the Kemptown community, which matriculates to WKMS, will be split between LHS and UHS, it is unjust to further split this community at the young elementary level as well. For, in Option A, some students will be plucked from Kemptown Elementary School (where some will have attended for four years) and redistricted to Urbana Elementary School; then, they are removed from the Urbana Community back to their former KES community at Windsor Knolls Middle, only to be split a third time between Linganore High School and Urbana High.
***Optimally, the FCPS redistricting committee stated that they found two redistricting splits disruptive; the committee prefers no more than one split.  Option A is, thus, in direct contrast to the aims of the LOU Redistricting Committee.***  Option B better supports the aims of the committee, for it affords a more sensible opportunity; in maintaining the current boundary for PB29 and PB167, it maintains only one split of the KES community at the high school level, permitting 100% of their elementary school to move to WKMS and ensuring feeder patterns are not excessively disrupted.
5. #6. Operating and Capital Costs:
It is likely that longer bus runs from UES to PB29 and PB167 will result in higher maintenance and operational costs overall.
6. #8 Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities: Undue Burden on KES under Option A:
Elementary School Option Impacts  Not What It Appears To Be: Although the student impact estimates show that ES Option A impacts 1,450 students, whereas ES Option B impacts 1,538 students, when one closely examines the communities, the numbers are misleading.
In Option A and Option B the following schools remain unaffected, insofar as the Number of K-5th Live-In Students remains the same in both plans: Deer Crossing ES, Oakdale ES, Spring Ridge ES, Twin Ridge ES, and Urbana ES.
Affected Elementary Schools: Centerville ES, Green Valley ES, Kemptown ES, Liberty ES, and New Market ES.
A. Urbana Elementary Impact is Negligible in Option B, as the Urbana Community  Remains Intact:
In Option A Centerville ES does have 131 more students not moving to another school; however, it is important to note that the other two schools to which they are moving, Sugarloaf ES and Urbana ES, are both located in Urbana. All three schools are within a mile or a mile and a half from each other.
Whereas, the other students affected by Option A (students from four other schools including Kemptown Elementary) would be redistricted to a different school not within their community. Unlike the student populations in Urbana they face the challenges of a of a new school, as well as a new community!
B.  In the remaining affected schools, who would be redistricting students to other schools outside their community, Option A negatively impacts KES students the most.
The other schools affected by redistricting under Option A are Green Valley ES, Kemptown ES, Liberty ES, and New Market ES.  The difference between Option A and Option B for live in students affected bears the greatest on Kemptown Elementary. (The difference between both options is noted below)
Green Valley ES: 33 Kemptown ES: 88
Liberty ES: 3  New Market ES: 9
Option A does move fewer Green Valley Elementary students (33 fewer) than Option B. However, Option A impacts more Kemptown Elementary students  126, whereas only 38 students from KES are redistricted in Option B.Reduces population of Kemptown, less wear and tear on the school, more attention can be paid to 504 kidsNothing.I do not like draft A as it separates my neighborhood from attending KES and has my children transferring
to UES.I do not like option A. It separates my neighborhood from the rest of the community.NothingNothing.  It empties out Kemptown elementary by 29% and buses them three times as far to a school
(Urbana) that will be overcrowded even without them.Windsor Knolls (the community) should not have their kids sent to Urbana Elementary.  It's too far away, and there's still ample room at Kemptown.  Urbana Elem. will be at or above capacity in probably two years
anyhow.ONLY SUPPORT OPTION BB would be best for our neighborhoodYes, it doesn't make sense for the Windsor Knolls community to be bused to the new Urbana elementary school for the following reasons:  The distance to/from school, the time it will take to go to/from school, the distance is 3 miles vs 8 miles (in traffic within Urbana could be 20 minutes).  In addition, Kemptown is not
at capacity, so it would make sense to keep the 100  or less children within the Kemptown school district.The northern part of the current Kemptown district if redistricted to Twin Ridge should then also go to Linganore. To have them go to Twin Ridge, but to Urbana high makes no sense.  It also doesn't make sense to redistrict the  Windsor Knolls neighborhood to Urbana elementary. UES is farther away and the children will then be split from almost all the other UES students to go to WKMS only to meet back up in high
school.   Keep the Windsor Knolls neighborhood at Kemptown.Option A makes ABSOLUTELY NO SENSE for the residents of Windsor Knolls with elementary school- aged children. It is actually insulting to me that the creation of new, higher-density neighborhoods (under the permission of the county) would force my family, who chose to live in Windsor Knolls in large part because we wanted our children to attend KES, to send our child on a significantly longer bus ride every
day. Windsor Knolls has a long-standing connection to KES, and I think that it is unacceptable to sever that connection in order to balance things out for newer, higher-volume communities.I like Option A because my son stays at his current elementary school. In Option B he has to move to a
different elementary school and would not even go to HS with any of those kidsWhen an elected body treats its stakeholders (families) with contempt, disregards their concerns and input, and deprives them of a voice, the only way forward will be for legal recourse against FCPS and this anti- American and undemocratic redistricting plan. We live in Windsor Knolls. All of my 4 kids go or have gone or will go to Kemptown elementary. We are an integral part of that elementary school community and moved from Urbana to be in the KES school district. Do not send out kids to Urbana elementary schools. An option to avoid proceedings could be to allow families a choice as to a) remain as they are or b) accept an
invitation to consider a change in schools.I like option AI am happy with either as it doesn't change anythingNone of these options are good for KES. KES has stable enrollment at or near capacity, evenly spaced geographic distribution around the school, and the district has manageable growth. Both options disrupt KES to be a billpayer for other districts. Keeping PB 179 in KES would create a consistent feeder pattern for
the whole ES district throughout K-12.B is way betterOption A makes no sense for the people living in PB29.  There are 95 kids in this planning block.  If you
leave them at Kemptown, it is still not at capacity.  So why move them???I would like the windsor knolls neighborhood to stay in the Kemptown elementary school as it has
historically  been, because it's closer for young childrenOption B will essentially outcast our neighborhood from the rest of the community. We will be the only group that gets removed from Kemptown and moved to Twin Ridge. We could also be the only group from Twin Ridge that goes to Urbana. I thought the goal was to try and keep the feeder paths together but any
friends she makes in Elementary school would go to a different high school.Please keep planning blocks 179, 29, and 167 at Kemptown.I think this is the best fit for the redistricting.  Many of the complaints I've seen online and heard about revolve around short term impacts such as "this is our school" and don't take the long term impacts into
account.I like that my 3rd child will stay at an elementary school that his older brothers and sisters attended. We
have established relations and trust this staff.B we want our kids togetherThe Windsor Knolls community should have our kids go to Kemptown Elementary school.  Looking at the projections, Urbana Elem. will be overcrowded in two years and Kemptown will be way under-utilized.
Why not keep our kids at Kemptown if they're just going to have to go back next time FCPS redistricts?KES has an active PTA and many parent volunteers. I think we should do whatever we can to maintain it.I'm advocating for KES to stay together K - 12.Either option should include a remodel or addition to Kemptown before 2028. It's already at 102% and growing and there are no plans to remodel in the next 10 years (according to the 10-yr structure plan posted
online). Kemptown and Green Valley BOTH need to be on the remodel/new construction list!Option B is a better option because of the age demographic in that area.. it affects less kids.We prefer option BWe are PB 179 and option B would send us to Twin Ridge Elementary.  Doing this will not only separate us from our current Kemptown family but would also isolate my children from others whom they have gone to school with for years.  Our PB 179 has 38 children with no planned development.  This is a very small group of kids and I wouldn't think this would make a huge difference if we kept our zone as Kemptown Elementary.  Furthermore, sending us to Twin Ridge would not only separate us from our elementary  family but also again when option B has us going to Urbana High.  It looks as though we are the ONLY planning block that would be going to Urbana High from Twin Ridge Elementary.  Most of Twin Ridge Elementary will go to Linganore High isolating my kids again when everyone outside of my community  will go to a different high school.  Option B also isolates us from PB 9.  We have been zoned with PB 9 since we have lived in my community.  This is also the 1st time I have seen PB 179 having separate options that
PB 9 through this entire redistricting process.Option A does nothing for the kids of PB29 except put them on buses early in the morning and have them
arrive back home later in the afternoon.  Oh, also it probably balances new Urbana for two years until it gets overcrowded.Urbana is a good school but doesn't make since as an option for the Windsor Knolls community.  It is the 4th furthest elementary school from the community (Kemptown, Green Valley, and Centerville are all closer)  To bus children to Urbana sounds a little crazy.  The school will open not at capacity but the development continues, so will be over capacity with outside portables within the next (5) years. The
children will have to change back schools thenWith option A my children will have a 20 minute longer ride to and from school and our current before and
after school provider does not bus to the changes elementary schools.If option A is chosen, Kemptown will be under capacity by more than 100 students.  Meanwhile, in two years Urbana will be over capacity.  Why on earth would you bus kids from PB29 ten miles to an overcrowded school?  When redistricting is done again, our kids will just go back to Kemptown, meaning
I'll have one kid in Kemptown and one finishing up at Urbana.  That's ridiculous.There are 95 k-5 students in PB29.  Option A has them going to Urbana, which will be over capactiy in two years.  Option A has Kemptown under capacity by MORE THAN THE NUMBER OF STUDENTS IN OUR
PLANNING BLOCK!Both plans seen to ignore  future development.Option A reduces Kemptown Elementary School (KES) Enrollment by 31% and moves 126 children from 2 neighborhoods (PB29 and PB167) to Urbana Elementary School (UES) which equates to 21 children per grade (or essentially one classroom per grade).  This will cause classroom sizes to dramatically increase at KES.  Additionally, UES is projected to be at 102% capacity one year (2020 school year) after the redistricting is complete.  Moving PB29 and PB167 is irresponsible with the expected growth in the UES district (136 undeveloped lots; 251 projected elementary students).  KES has no projected development and would better accommodate PB29 and PB167 to allow for growth at UES.
In Option A:  Per the FCPS 2019 Projected Enrollment, Kemptown Elementary School is projected to have 422 students enrolled.  Redistricting PB29 and PB167 to UES would remove 126 students from KES. Assuming equal distribution, that is approximately 21 children per grade (K-5) removed from KES.  For 1st grade current enrollment is 49 students. Future enrollment projection estimates a growth of 5 students, though this class size has remained at 49 students for 2 years now (Kindergarten and 1st grade).  Removing 21 students creates a class size of 33 students.  This is highly detrimental to their learning, as large class sizes is what we are trying to avoid in redistricting in the first place.  While this grade level example assumes equal division among grades with the removal of 126 KES students under Option A of the current proposal, it is possible that some grades may lose more children than others causing disproportionate class sizes.
In Option A, moving PB29 and PB167 to UES from KES is a grave mistake.  The projected 2020 enrollment at UES is 102%, one year after redistricting.  Moreover, the projected 2028 enrollment at 115%.  This escalation will likely result in future redistricting as the growth in the Urbana area increases.
Conversely, the projected enrollment at KES with its current 2018-2019 boundary remains below 91% into 2028 with projected enrollment from the June 2018 EFMP Study.  It is unclear why the drastic enrollment projection numbers were updated in the June 2019 EFMP Study, with no planned or future developments in the KES boundary and only 13 undeveloped single-family lots currently available.  The June 2019 EFMP predicts an additional 100 students over the course of the next ten years, while the 2018 EFMP Study predicts stead enrollment at or under the SRC for KES.  The KES enrollment averages between 70-80% over the course of 10 years with no steady or extreme growth with the current boundary in place (2018 EFMP Study).  There is no publicly documented proof, or explanation of the moderate to large growth the 2019 EFMP predicts in the KES district.
Option A does not provide KES students proximity to UES, the school to which they would be newly redistricted under Option A. In addition, the lack of proximity to UES creates more problems: earlier start times for KES students and longer bus runs.
The distance between Kemptown Elementary and PB29 and PB167 is approximately 4 miles, while the distance between PB29 and PB 167 and Urbana Elementary is 12 miles.  Elementary students (as young as 5) riding the bus would be required to start their day earlier.  Currently, the students are picked up at 8:15 a.m. The closest Urbana Elementary bus stop is currently on Fire Tower Lane (15 minutes from PB29), and their bus pickup is currently at 8:09 am. It is likely a bus pickup for PB29 would be close to 7:40 a.m. for elementary students (which is the time many middle school students in PB29 are walking to school).  In the winter, it is not light at 7:40 am, and this time much earlier than PB29s current bus pickup.  Placing elementary school children in the dark and at a middle school hour is irresponsible.  The early hour places KES students at another disadvantage to their new UES peers and undermines an equitable learning opportunity, as most will have been on the bus for more than double the time than if they had been permitted to stay at their neighborhood school. The run time and distance of busses would be greatly increased with this position, as Urbana Elementary school is the furthest elementary school in the Urbana High School feeder pattern from PB29.
Both Options lead to double split feeder patterns for PB29, PB167, and PB179.  In Option A, PB29 and PB167 split from elementary school (66% of the children split; socially isolating them from their peers) to middle school at WKMS, and then from WKMS between UHS and LHS.  In Option B, PB176 is the only UHS neighborhood to attend TRES.  From there TRES splits between NMMS and WKMS, then from WKMS to LHS and UHS.  This goes against the BOE policy 200 for limiting the number of splits within a given feeder pattern, and isolates the double splits to three PBs (PB29 and PB167 in Option A; PB179 in Option B).  It appears that PB29 and PB167 are being used as pawns to balance out the elementary to middle school feeder pattern split at the disadvantage of our children
In Option B:  If we follow PB179 (38 elementary students) all the way through the plan, they are taking them out of KES to send them to TRES, an unnecessary move. Then, it moves KES and TRES students to WKMS, and finally when it goes to HS, only PB179 from TRES will go to UHS; the rest of TRES will go to LHS.  Using a grade level example there would be 6 kids that we move to TRES; they go to WKMS (this is the same as if they just stay in KES), and then those 6 kids leave everyone in TRES to go to UHS. This impact is higher for kids who never started at KES, for they would be leaving the kids they've gone to school with for 9 years to go to a HS with kids they've only known for 3 years. If we leave them in with KES, they would stay with the same kids all the way through ES, MS, and HS.Urbana Elementary is projected to be over capacity in two years and Kemptown will be under-utilized for at
least five in option A.  Keeping the kids from PB29 in Kemptown makes the most sense.Option A reduces Kemptown Elementary School (KES) Enrollment by 31% and moves 126 children from 2 neighborhoods (PB29 and PB167) to Urbana Elementary School (UES) which equates to 21 children per grade (or essentially one classroom per grade).  This will cause classroom sizes to dramatically increase at KES.  Additionally, UES is projected to be at 102% capacity one year (2020 school year) after the redistrictingOption A reduces Kemptown Elementary School (KES) Enrollment by 31% and moves 126 children from 2 neighborhoods (PB29 and PB167) to Urbana Elementary School (UES) which equates to 21 children per grade (or essentially one classroom per grade).  This will cause classroom sizes to dramatically increase at KES.  Additionally, UES is projected to be at 102% capacity one year (2020 school year) after the redistricting is complete.  Moving PB29 and PB167 is irresponsible with the expected growth in the UES district (136 undeveloped lots; 251 projected elementary students).  KES has no projected development and would better accommodate PB29 and PB167 to allow for growth at UES.
In Option A:  Per the FCPS 2019 Projected Enrollment, Kemptown Elementary School is projected to have 422 students enrolled.  Redistricting PB29 and PB167 to UES would remove 126 students from KES. Assuming equal distribution, that is approximately 21 children per grade (K-5) removed from KES.  For 1st grade current enrollment is 49 students. Future enrollment projection estimates a growth of 5 students, though this class size has remained at 49 students for 2 years now (Kindergarten and 1st grade).  Removing 21 students creates a class size of 33 students.  This is highly detrimental to their learning, as large class sizes is what we are trying to avoid in redistricting in the first place.  While this grade level example assumes equal division among grades with the removal of 126 KES students under Option A of the current proposal, it is possible that some grades may lose more children than others causing disproportionate class sizes.
In Option A, moving PB29 and PB167 to UES from KES is a grave mistake.  The projected 2020 enrollment at UES is 102%, one year after redistricting.  Moreover, the projected 2028 enrollment at 115%.  This escalation will likely result in future redistricting as the growth in the Urbana area increases.
Conversely, the projected enrollment at KES with its current 2018-2019 boundary remains below 91% into 2028 with projected enrollment from the June 2018 EFMP Study.  It is unclear why the drastic enrollment projection numbers were updated in the June 2019 EFMP Study, with no planned or future developments in the KES boundary and only 13 undeveloped single-family lots currently available.  The June 2019 EFMP predicts an additional 100 students over the course of the next ten years, while the 2018 EFMP Study predicts stead enrollment at or under the SRC for KES.  The KES enrollment averages between 70-80% over the course of 10 years with no steady or extreme growth with the current boundary in place (2018 EFMP Study).  There is no publicly documented proof, or explanation of the moderate to large growth the 2019 EFMP predicts in the KES district.
Option A does not provide KES students proximity to UES, the school to which they would be newly redistricted under Option A. In addition, the lack of proximity to UES creates more problems: earlier start times for KES students and longer bus runs.
The distance between Kemptown Elementary and PB29 and PB167 is approximately 4 miles, while the distance between PB29 and PB 167 and Urbana Elementary is 12 miles.  Elementary students (as young as 5) riding the bus would be required to start their day earlier.  Currently, the students are picked up at 8:15 a.m. The closest Urbana Elementary bus stop is currently on Fire Tower Lane (15 minutes from PB29), and their bus pickup is currently at 8:09 am. It is likely a bus pickup for PB29 would be close to 7:40 a.m. for elementary students (which is the time many middle school students in PB29 are walking to school).  In the winter, it is not light at 7:40 am, and this time much earlier than PB29s current bus pickup.  Placing elementary school children in the dark and at a middle school hour is irresponsible.  The early hour places KES students at another disadvantage to their new UES peers and undermines an equitable learning opportunity, as most will have been on the bus for more than double the time than if they had been permitted to stay at their neighborhood school. The run time and distance of busses would be greatly increased with this position, as Urbana Elementary school is the furthest elementary school in the Urbana High School feeder pattern from PB29.
Both Options lead to double split feeder patterns for PB29, PB167, and PB179.  In Option A, PB29 and PB167 split from elementary school (66% of the children split; socially isolating them from their peers) to middle school at WKMS, and then from WKMS between UHS and LHS.  In Option B, PB176 is the only UHS neighborhood to attend TRES.  From there TRES splits between NMMS and WKMS, then from WKMS to LHS and UHS.  This goes against the BOE policy 200 for limiting the number of splits within a given feeder pattern, and isolates the double splits to three PBs (PB29 and PB167 in Option A; PB179 in Option B).  It appears that PB29 and PB167 are being used as pawns to balance out the elementary to middle school feeder pattern split at the disadvantage of our children
In Option B:  If we follow PB179 (38 elementary students) all the way through the plan, they are taking them out of KES to send them to TRES, an unnecessary move. Then, it moves KES and TRES students to WKMS, and finally when it goes to HS, only PB179 from TRES will go to UHS; the rest of TRES will go to LHS.  Using a grade level example there would be 6 kids that we move to TRES; they go to WKMS (this is the same as if they just stay in KES), and then those 6 kids leave everyone in TRES to go to UHS. This impact is higher for kids who never started at KES, for they would be leaving the kids they've gone to school with for 9 years to go to a HS with kids they've only known for 3 years. If we leave them in with KES, they would stay with the same kids all the way through ES, MS, and HS.Please look at the growth in Urbana and keep KES elementary kids in the already established boundary. Moving students from KES to Urbana just does not make sense when considering the growth Urbana is, and
will continue to, experience.Would like to keep Kemptown togetherOption A does not make any sense to the anticipated growth in Urbana and goes against FCPS BOE policy
200Option A reduces Kemptown Elementary School (KES) Enrollment by 31% and moves 126 children from 2 neighborhoods (PB29 and PB167) to Urbana Elementary School (UES) which equates to 21 children per grade (or essentially one classroom per grade).  This will cause classroom sizes to dramatically increase at KES.  Additionally, UES is projected to be at 102% capacity one year (2020 school year) after the redistricting is complete.  Moving PB29 and PB167 is irresponsible with the expected growth in the UES district (136 undeveloped lots; 251 projected elementary students).  KES has no projected development and would better accommodate PB29 and PB167 to allow for growth at UES.
In Option A:  Per the FCPS 2019 Projected Enrollment, Kemptown Elementary School is projected to have 422 students enrolled.  Redistricting PB29 and PB167 to UES would remove 126 students from KES. Assuming equal distribution, that is approximately 21 children per grade (K-5) removed from KES.  For 1st grade current enrollment is 49 students. Future enrollment projection estimates a growth of 5 students, though this class size has remained at 49 students for 2 years now (Kindergarten and 1st grade).  Removing 21 students creates a class size of 33 students.  This is highly detrimental to their learning, as large class sizes is what we are trying to avoid in redistricting in the first place.  While this grade level example assumes equal division among grades with the removal of 126 KES students under Option A of the current proposal, it is possible that some grades may lose more children than others causing disproportionate class sizes.
In Option A, moving PB29 and PB167 to UES from KES is a grave mistake.  The projected 2020 enrollment at UES is 102%, one year after redistricting.  Moreover, the projected 2028 enrollment at 115%.  This escalation will likely result in future redistricting as the growth in the Urbana area increases.
Conversely, the projected enrollment at KES with its current 2018-2019 boundary remains below 91% into 2028 with projected enrollment from the June 2018 EFMP Study.  It is unclear why the drastic enrollment projection numbers were updated in the June 2019 EFMP Study, with no planned or future developments in the KES boundary and only 13 undeveloped single-family lots currently available.  The June 2019 EFMP predicts an additional 100 students over the course of the next ten years, while the 2018 EFMP Study predicts stead enrollment at or under the SRC for KES.  The KES enrollment averages between 70-80% over the course of 10 years with no steady or extreme growth with the current boundary in place (2018 EFMP Study).  There is no publicly documented proof, or explanation of the moderate to large growth the 2019 EFMP predicts in the KES district.
Option A does not provide KES students proximity to UES, the school to which they would be newly redistricted under Option A. In addition, the lack of proximity to UES creates more problems: earlier start times for KES students and longer bus runs.
The distance between Kemptown Elementary and PB29 and PB167 is approximately 4 miles, while the distance between PB29 and PB 167 and Urbana Elementary is 12 miles.  Elementary students (as young as 5) riding the bus would be required to start their day earlier.  Currently, the students are picked up at 8:15 a.m. The closest Urbana Elementary bus stop is currently on Fire Tower Lane (15 minutes from PB29), and their bus pickup is currently at 8:09 am. It is likely a bus pickup for PB29 would be close to 7:40 a.m. for elementary students (which is the time many middle school students in PB29 are walking to school).  In the winter, it is not light at 7:40 am, and this time much earlier than PB29s current bus pickup.  Placing elementary school children in the dark and at a middle school hour is irresponsible.  The early hour places KES students at another disadvantage to their new UES peers and undermines an equitable learning opportunity, as most will have been on the bus for more than double the time than if they had been permitted to stay at their neighborhood school. The run time and distance of busses would be greatly increased with this position, as Urbana Elementary school is the furthest elementary school in the Urbana High School feeder pattern from PB29.
Both Options lead to double split feeder patterns for PB29, PB167, and PB179.  In Option A, PB29 and PB167 split from elementary school (66% of the children split; socially isolating them from their peers) to middle school at WKMS, and then from WKMS between UHS and LHS.  In Option B, PB176 is the only UHS neighborhood to attend TRES.  From there TRES splits between NMMS and WKMS, then from WKMS to LHS and UHS.  This goes against the BOE policy 200 for limiting the number of splits within a given feeder pattern, and isolates the double splits to three PBs (PB29 and PB167 in Option A; PB179 in Option B).  It appears that PB29 and PB167 are being used as pawns to balance out the elementary to middle school feeder pattern split at the disadvantage of our children
In Option B:  If we follow PB179 (38 elementary students) all the way through the plan, they are taking them out of KES to send them to TRES, an unnecessary move. Then, it moves KES and TRES students to WKMS, and finally when it goes to HS, only PB179 from TRES will go to UHS; the rest of TRES will go to LHS.  Using a grade level example there would be 6 kids that we move to TRES; they go to WKMS (this is the same as if they just stay in KES), and then those 6 kids leave everyone in TRES to go to UHS. This impact is higher for kids who never started at KES, for they would be leaving the kids they've gone to school with for 9 years to go to a HS with kids they've only known for 3 years. If we leave them in with KES, they would stay with the same kids all the way through ES, MS, and HS.In two years, Urbana Elementary will be over capacity if option A is chosen.  Meanwhile, Kemptown will be at ~66% capacity.  Why on earth would you take the 95 kids from PB29 and put them into an overcrowded
school when there is room closer to where they live?  Option B is the sensible choice.Option A reduces Kemptown Elementary School (KES) Enrollment by 31% and moves 126 children from 2 neighborhoods (PB29 and PB167) to Urbana Elementary School (UES) which equates to 21 children per grade (or essentially one classroom per grade).  This will cause classroom sizes to dramatically increase at KES.  Additionally, UES is projected to be at 102% capacity one year (2020 school year) after the redistricting is complete.  Moving PB29 and PB167 is irresponsible with the expected growth in the UES district (136 undeveloped lots; 251 projected elementary students).  KES has no projected development and would better accommodate PB29 and PB167 to allow for growth at UES.
In Option A:  Per the FCPS 2019 Projected Enrollment, Kemptown Elementary School is projected to have 422 students enrolled.  Redistricting PB29 and PB167 to UES would remove 126 students from KES. Assuming equal distribution, that is approximately 21 children per grade (K-5) removed from KES.  For 1st grade current enrollment is 49 students. Future enrollment projection estimates a growth of 5 students, though this class size has remained at 49 students for 2 years now (Kindergarten and 1st grade).  Removing 21 students creates a class size of 33 students.  This is highly detrimental to their learning, as large class sizes is what we are trying to avoid in redistricting in the first place.  While this grade level example assumes equal division among grades with the removal of 126 KES students under Option A of the current proposal, it is possible that some grades may lose more children than others causing disproportionate class sizes.
In Option A, moving PB29 and PB167 to UES from KES is a grave mistake.  The projected 2020 enrollment at UES is 102%, one year after redistricting.  Moreover, the projected 2028 enrollment at 115%.  This escalation will likely result in future redistricting as the growth in the Urbana area increases.
Conversely, the projected enrollment at KES with its current 2018-2019 boundary remains below 91% into 2028 with projected enrollment from the June 2018 EFMP Study.  It is unclear why the drastic enrollment projection numbers were updated in the June 2019 EFMP Study, with no planned or future developments in the KES boundary and only 13 undeveloped single-family lots currently available.  The June 2019 EFMP predicts an additional 100 students over the course of the next ten years, while the 2018 EFMP Study predicts stead enrollment at or under the SRC for KES.  The KES enrollment averages between 70-80% over the course of 10 years with no steady or extreme growth with the current boundary in place (2018 EFMP Study).  There is no publicly documented proof, or explanation of the moderate to large growth the 2019 EFMP predicts in the KES district.
Option A does not provide KES students proximity to UES, the school to which they would be newly redistricted under Option A. In addition, the lack of proximity to UES creates more problems: earlier start times for KES students and longer bus runs.
The distance between Kemptown Elementary and PB29 and PB167 is approximately 4 miles, while the distance between PB29 and PB 167 and Urbana Elementary is 12 miles.  Elementary students (as young as 5) riding the bus would be required to start their day earlier.  Currently, the students are picked up at 8:15 a.m. The closest Urbana Elementary bus stop is currently on Fire Tower Lane (15 minutes from PB29), and their bus pickup is currently at 8:09 am. It is likely a bus pickup for PB29 would be close to 7:40 a.m. for elementary students (which is the time many middle school students in PB29 are walking to school).  In the winter, it is not light at 7:40 am, and this time much earlier than PB29s current bus pickup.  Placing elementary school children in the dark and at a middle school hour is irresponsible.  The early hour places KES students at another disadvantage to their new UES peers and undermines an equitable learning opportunity, as most will have been on the bus for more than double the time than if they had been permitted to stay at their neighborhood school. The run time and distance of busses would be greatly increased with this position, as Urbana Elementary school is the furthest elementary school in the Urbana High School feeder pattern from PB29.
Both Options lead to double split feeder patterns for PB29, PB167, and PB179.  In Option A, PB29 and PB167 split from elementary school (66% of the children split; socially isolating them from their peers) to middle school at WKMS, and then from WKMS between UHS and LHS.  In Option B, PB176 is the only UHS neighborhood to attend TRES.  From there TRES splits between NMMS and WKMS, then from WKMS to LHS and UHS.  This goes against the BOE policy 200 for limiting the number of splits within a given feeder pattern, and isolates the double splits to three PBs (PB29 and PB167 in Option A; PB179 in Option B).  It appears that PB29 and PB167 are being used as pawns to balance out the elementary to middle school feeder pattern split at the disadvantage of our children
In Option B:  If we follow PB179 (38 elementary students) all the way through the plan, they are taking them out of KES to send them to TRES, an unnecessary move. Then, it moves KES and TRES students to WKMS, and finally when it goes to HS, only PB179 from TRES will go to UHS; the rest of TRES will go to LHS.  Using a grade level example there would be 6 kids that we move to TRES; they go to WKMS (this is the  same as if they just stay in KES), and then those 6 kids leave everyone in TRES to go to UHS. This impact is higher for kids who never started at KES, for they would be leaving the kids they've gone to school with for 9 years to go to a HS with kids they've only known for 3 years. If we leave them in with KES, they would stay with the same kids all the way through ES, MS, and HS.Neither option is great because it removes chunks of current Kemptown kids for what appears to be no reason.  In option A you are removing kids and sending them past the next closest school (Green Valley), to a school 15 minutes away (Urbana) which is already in an overcrowded area.  Urbana is continuing to grow and it won't be long until it reaches capacity, especially if you send kids that don't even live there to the school.  In option B, you are removing kids and sending them to Twin Ridge which is at or near capacity, whereas Kemptown is not as close to capacity.  It doesn't seem to make sense to change the Kemptown
boundaries at all since there is very little growth in our area.Prefer option BAs a parent of children at Kemptown Elementary School (PB 179), it is very saddening to see the Manorwood neighborhood (PB179) separated from its original PB9 community.  Elementary School Option B will result in kids within the same planned community attending different schools.
Twin Ridge Elementary School is near or over 100% (98% for option B and 102% for option A) capacity for both options A and B whereas Kemptown is at 71%(A) or 93% (B).  It is unclear the value the Frederick County School District is gaining in moving a small percentage of children (option B-38 children) out of a school that is under capacity and to a school that is near or over capacity. This will adversely affect our children's learning and is highly disruptive to the impacted children and families, and this option completely isolates these 38 children.
If we follow PB179 (38 elementary students) all the way through the plan, they are taking them out of KES  to send them to TRES, an unnecessary move. Then, it moves KES and TRES students to WKMS, and finally when it goes to HS, only PB179 from TRES will go to UHS; the rest of TRES will go to LHS. Using a grade level example there would be 6 kids that we move to TRES; they go to WKMS (this is the same as if they just stay in KES), and then those 6 kids leave everyone in TRES to go to UHS. This impact is higher for kids who never started at KES, for they would be leaving the kids they've gone to school with for 9 years to go to a HS with kids they've only known for 3 years. If we leave them in with KES, they would stay with the same kids all the way through ES, MS, and HS.
We have proposed as a community (KES) an additional option which would create relief at both TRES and UES, while fully utilizing Kemptown Elementary School.  Our proposed option would leave the Kemptown Elementary School boundary the same as it is currently.  This will allow for growth at UES, allow for TRES to maintain utilization as it is now, and allows for full utilization within Kemptown Elementary School.It's all well and good for the Urbana villages parents to want their kids to go to the same school as the kids one street over and whatnot, but not at the expense of the kids from Kemptown who have travel five times as far to get to school.  That's insane.  They want their kids to go to the same school as the same village or whatever?  Spare me.  My kids shouldn't have to be bused ten + miles so their kids can have the same friends.  That's favoritism and utter crap.  Why should the kids from PB29 go to Urbana Elementary if it's going to be overcrowded in two years anyhow??? The next time redistricting comes up, PB29 is going to be
sent right back to Kemptown anyhow.Option A - Based on the utilization statistics, this option does not seem to benefit school capacity for either KES or UES.
Option B - PB 179 will be shifted to TRES, which causes a split in an established neighborhood and community.
Please keep the KES district boundary as it is currently!I understand the parents of the villages in Urbana like option A because it keeps their little neighborhoods together.  That's all well and good, but my kids and the others of PB29 will suffer for their gain.  I don't want my kids to have to get bused over an hour to an overcrowded school so someone else's community can stick
together.There doesn't seem a need to split up KES.  It is not overcrowded.  This community has been split up
enough and it is devastating to split this much.We need a new option for this KES community. neither is acceptable.I would like to have option B plus considered. This plan is the current plan B, but it leaves kemptown
elementary out of the redistricting. Kemptown should be left alone as it is already under utilized.I am heartbroken at these proposals for our schools children.  See above, I do not believe there is any benefit in either of the options for kemptown redistricting. Only detriment to our closeknit school family and overcrowding at the surrounding schools more than or at the same level as before.  Do not punish the kemptown family by splitting it up unnecessarily, draw new lines in the new neighborhoods with concentrated population as would make the most sense and keep those children growing up together
together still.Option A reduces Kemptown Elementary School (KES) Enrollment by 31% and moves 126 children from 2 neighborhoods (PB29 and PB167) to Urbana Elementary School (UES) which equates to 21 children per grade (or essentially one classroom per grade). This will cause classroom sizes to dramatically increase at KES. Additionally, UES is projected to be at 102% capacity one year (2020 school year) after the redistricting is complete. Moving PB29 and PB167 is irresponsible with the expected growth in the UES district (136 undeveloped lots; 251 projected elementary students). KES has no projected development and would better accommodate PB29 and PB167 to allow for growth at UES.
In Option A: Per the FCPS 2019 Projected Enrollment, Kemptown Elementary School is
projected to have 422 students enrolled. Redistricting PB29 and PB167 to UES would remove 126 students from KES. Assuming equal distribution, that is approximately 21 children per grade (K-5) removed from KES. For 1st grade current enrollment is 49 students. Future enrollment projection estimates a growth of 5 students, though this class size has remained at 49 students for 2 years now (Kindergarten and 1st grade). Removing 21 students creates a class size of 33 students. This is highly detrimental to their learning, as large class sizes is what we are trying to avoid in redistricting in the first place. While this grade level example assumes equal division among grades with the removal of 126 KES students under Option A of the current proposal, it is possible that some grades may lose more children than others causing disproportionate class sizes.
In Option A, moving PB29 and PB167 to UES from KES is a grave mistake. The projected 2020 enrollment at UES is 102%, one year after redistricting. Moreover, the projected 2028
enrollment at 115%. This escalation will likely result in future redistricting as the growth in the Urbana area increases. Conversely, the projected enrollment at KES with its current 2018-2019 boundary remains below 91% into 2028 with projected enrollment from the June 2018 EFMP Study. It is unclear why the drastic enrollment projection numbers were updated in the June 2019 EFMP Study, with no planned or future developments in the KES boundary and only 13 undeveloped single-family lots currently available. The June 2019 EFMP predicts an additional 100 students over the course of the next ten years, while the 2018 EFMP Study predicts stead enrollment at or under the SRC for KES. The KES enrollment averages between 70-80% over the course of 10 years with no steady
or extreme growth with the current boundary in place (2018 EFMP Study). There is no publicly documented proof, or explanation of the moderate to large growth the 2019 EFMP predicts in the KES district.
Option A does not provide KES students proximity to UES, the school to which they would be newly redistricted under Option A. In addition, the lack of proximity to UES creates more problems: earlier start times for KES students and longer bus runs.
The distance between Kemptown Elementary and PB29 and PB167 is approximately 4 miles, while the distance between PB29 and PB 167 and Urbana Elementary is 12 miles. Elementary students (as young as 5) riding the bus would be required to start their day earlier. Currently, the students are picked up at 8:15 a.m. The closest Urbana Elementary bus stop is currently on Fire Tower Lane (15 minutes from PB29), and their bus pickup is currently at 8:09 am. It is likely a bus pickup for PB29 would be close to 7:40 a.m. for elementary students (which is the time many middle school students in PB29 are walking to school). In the winter, it is not light at 7:40 am, and this time much earlier than PB29s current bus pickup. Placing elementary school children in the dark and at a middle school hour is irresponsible. The early hour places KES students at another disadvantage to their new UES peers and undermines an equitable learning opportunity, as most will have been on the bus for more than double the time than if they had been permitted to stay at their neighborhood school. The run time and distance of busses would be greatly increased with this position, as Urbana Elementary school is the furthest elementary school in the Urbana High School feeder pattern from PB29.
Both Options lead to double split feeder patterns for PB29, PB167, and PB179. In Option A, PB29 and PB167 split from elementary school (66% of the children split; socially isolating them from their peers) to middle school at WKMS, and then from WKMS between UHS and LHS. In Option B, PB176 is the only UHS neighborhood to attend TRES. From there TRES splits between NMMS and WKMS, then from WKMS to LHS and UHS. This goes against the BOE policy 200 for limiting the number of splits within
a given feeder pattern, and isolates the double splits to three PBs (PB29 and PB167 in Option A; PB179 in Option B). It appears that PB29 and PB167 are being used as pawns to balance out the elementary to middle school feeder pattern split at the disadvantage of our children
In Option B: If we follow PB179 (38 elementary students) all the way through the plan, they are taking them out of KES to send them to TRES, an unnecessary move. Then, it moves KES and TRES students to WKMS, and finally when it goes to HS, only PB179 from TRES will go to UHS; the rest of TRES will go to LHS. Using a grade level example there would be 6 kids that we move to TRES; they go to WKMS (this is the same as if they just stay in KES), and then those 6 kids leave everyone in TRES to go to UHS. This impact is higher for kids who never started at KES, for they would be leaving the kids they've gone to school with for 9 years to go to a HS with kids they've only known for 3 years. If we leave them in with KES, they would stay with the same kids all the way through ES, MS, and HS. It is not believed there has been any justification that the benefit of moving children from the current Kemptown Elementary School District
outweighs the cost to our children and community in either of these options.Yes, I am in favor of option B with the exception of the removing the small number of kemptown kids to twin ridge. There isn't enough substantiated growth to move any kids from kemptown and it will separate friends and neighborhoods. Please leave the kemptown district alone, don't fix something that isn't broken! Kemptown is currently underutilized and you could use the space at twin ridge to provide relief for new
market or Oakdale.Why would you remove nearly 30% of the student population of Kemptown to populate a school that is three times as far away and will be overcrowded in a couple of years?  Option A is ridiculous for the
Kemptown area.Draft Option A unnecessarily pulls 1/3 of the current enrollment from Kemptown to attend Urbana Elm. Kemptown is currently not overcapacity, and the projected capacity is only 101-102% in the 1-5 year projections (this is 4-6 students, or 1 per student per grade).   Furthermore, no new growth is planned for the Kemptown area, with only 13 undeveloped lots existing in the area. By pulling over 100 students from Kemptown to attend Urbana, Kemptown would be vastly underutilized, and would most likely have to reduce teaching staff and have higher class sizes (up to 30 students).  THIS MAKES NO SENSE.  The town  of Urbana has hundreds of undeveloped lots, and Urbana Elm is extremely likely to reach capacity of 100% and higher WITHOUT the current Kemptown students moving to the school.  I don't understand why our children will be moved from their community and friends when it does NOT solve the capacity problem?
Draft Option B is a much better option, for the most part keeping the Kemptown community whole.
However, it really doesn't seem just to move only 30 students out of the school, when it is going to have a negligible impact on capacity numbers at Kemptown or Twin Ridge.Our original planning block (designed with the intent of keeping communities together) was split with our Manorwood Neighbors staying in KES and the Sam Hill neighbors being forced out to TRES. There does not seem to be any benefit to either school as it takes 30 kids from a school that is slightly over capacity to another school which pushes it to the same capacity level. It also creates a feeder pattern that completely isolates our neighborhood from the rest of Mount Airy/Windsor Knolls. Allowing these 30 kids to stay in KES would have minimal impact on the schools capacity while providing them a drastically improved
social structure going forward.Option A is basically playing favorites with the villages of Urbana, keeping their little enclave intact at the expense of the kids from Kemptown.  Taking kids from a school (Kemptown) that needs no relief and putting them on buses for 10+ miles is ridiculously unfair.  So what if the village people want their kids to go to one school or another; there are THREE available within a couple of miles!  Taking kids from Kemptown and placing them ten miles away at Urbana is grossly unfair!  We don't want our kids to have to
go out of district just so village families can be appeased.  That's bullsh*t.There is no reason to move any kids out of Kemptown. They are not at capacity and will not go overcapacity
in years. Keep Kemptown together.Kemptown Elementary should remain the way it is. Kemptown is not overcrowded and will not be. Urbana has hundreds of lots for houses to be built. Moving students from Kemptown to Urbana will only add to more overcrowding in a very populated, growing area of Urbana while Kemptown will not be fully utilized
and be under capacity.All  schools'  utilization is well balanced, which means less possibility for school redistricting  in the near
future. I hope this new boundary can last another 10 years, providing more certainty in FCPS.Pulling students from Kemptown makes no sense!Option A is a thinly-veiled show of favoritism to the villages of Urbana who seem to think their little communities are more deserving of going to the elementary of their choice than the kids at Kemptown, who would be forced to ride a bus three times as far to attend a school that will be overcrowded in two years.  It's utterly ridiculous that the villages should get to say which kids go to which schools at their convenience.
Kemptown Elementary needs no relief, and taking kids from their local school to populate Urbana is stupid.Option A reduces Kemptown Elementary School (KES) Enrollment by 31% and moves 126 children from 2 neighborhoods (Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven) to Urbana Elementary School (UES)
o 31% of KES equates to 21 children per grade, or essentially one classroom per grade
Projected growth within this part of the county does not align with redistricting children out of the KES boundary, especially to Urbana Elementary School
o Limited growth planned in the KES district (13 undeveloped lots; 6 projected additional elementary school children)
o Significant growth planned in UES district (136 undeveloped lots; 251 projected additional elementary school students)
o This option projects Urbana Elementary school at 102% capacity within a year of redistricting (2020 school year)
Estimated capacity for Urbana Elementary goes up to 115% by 2028.  Moving children from KES exasperates the need and frequency for redistricting this area and does not allow UES the room to grow it so desperately needs
Option A creates a double split feeder pattern for only 2 neighborhoods (Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven) o Children in these two neighborhoods will split from elementary school to middle school (between Windsor Knolls MS and Urbana MS)
66% of the children that split are from Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven to WKMS
o Children are then split again at the middle school to high school level from WKMS between Urbana High School and Linganore High School
Option B separated the Manorwood neighborhood into two planning blocks, which will result in kids within the same planned community at different schools for elementary schoolTwin Ridge is near or over 100% (98% for option B and 102% for option A) capacity for both options A and B whereas Kemptown is at 71%(A) or 93% (B).
o It is unclear the value the Frederick County School Districts is gaining in moving a small percentage of children (option B) out of a school that is under capacity and to a school that is near or over capacity.
o This will adversely affect our children's learning and is highly disruptive to the impacted children and families.
There is no justification that the benefit of moving children from the current Kemptown Elementary School District outweighs the cost to our children and community in either of these options.In Option A, moving PB29 and PB167 to UES from KES is a grave mistake.  The projected 2020 enrollment at UES is 102%, one year after redistricting.  Moreover, the projected 2028 enrollment at 115%.  This escalation will likely result in future redistricting as the growth in the Urbana area increases.
Option A redistricts 31% of the Kemptown Elementary population (PB29 and PB167) to Urbana Elementary, thereby isolating two Kemptown communities from the other 69% of Kemptown.  An additional split occurs in Option A when 32% of Urbana Elementary matriculates to WKMS, the majority (66%) being from PB29 and PB167.   It appears by the numbers that PB29 and PB167 are only moved into the UES boundary to balance the feeder split percentages between UMS and WKMS, which is not a justifiable reason to split 31% of elementary students from their current school and deplete the KES enrollment.
Option A creates an unnecessary and addition split of an elementary school pattern, uprooting 31% of the KES population 2 times between elementary school and middle school.  This redistricting proposal causes the students from PB29 and PB167 to be a virtual island, as they are separated from their peers once again. For some students, these two disruptive changes will occur within two years of each other, as PB29 and PB167 comprise two thirds of the students moving from UES to WKMS.
After middle school, some of these same students will face yet another split from their peers, as Option A sends 71% of WKMS students to Linganore HS and 29% to Urbana HS, while Option B sends 60% of WKMS students to Linganore HS and 40% to Urbana HS.
In summary, the Kemptown Community bears an unnecessary and undue redistricting burden under Option A. When one considers that the Kemptown community, which matriculates to WKMS, will be split between LHS and UHS, it is unjust to further split this community at the young elementary level as well. For, in Option A, some students will be plucked from Kemptown Elementary School (where some will have attended for four years) and redistricted to Urbana Elementary School; then, they are removed from the Urbana Community back to their former KES community at Windsor Knolls Middle, only to be split a third time between Linganore High School and Urbana High.  Optimally, the FCPS redistricting committee stated that they found two redistricting splits disruptive; the committee prefers no more than one split.  Option A is, thus, in direct contrast to the aims of the LOU Redistricting Committee  Option B better supports the  aims of the committee, for it affords a more sensible opportunity; in maintaining the current boundary for PB29 and PB167, it maintains only one split of the KES community at the high school level, permitting 100% of their elementary school to move to WKMS and ensuring feeder patterns are not excessively disrupted.
For Option B, Option B has PB179 at Twin Ridge Elementary, followed by Windsor Knolls Middle, and then Urbana High. This will socially isolate this planning block since all but PB179 at Twin Ridge will go to
Linganore.Option A creates a double split feeder pattern for only 2 neighborhoods (Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven) o Children in these two neighborhoods will split from elementary school to middle school (between Windsor Knolls MS and Urbana MS)
66% of the children that split are from Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven to WKMS.  It appears that the Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven Neighborhoods are being used as pawns to balance out the elementary to middle school feeder pattern split at the disadvantage of our children.
o Children are then split again at the middle school to high school level from WKMS between Urbana High School and Linganore High SchoolOption A doesn't really seem practical. In some cases kids will be attending elementary schools that are no where close to where they live; even though there are several elementary schools considerably closer to
where they live.The best option would be to keep Kemptown together. Breaking off 120 students or 38 students does not
seem to solve any issues with Kemptown Elementary.no commentsThe two option would split our neighborhood in half.Option A works in the UES area but creates issues in the Kemptown and Twin Ridge ES areas by shifting students and actually increasing TRES attendance over 100% capacity while decreasing attendance at KES. This seems counter intuitive to the mission of this redistricting study.  KES is already small in comparison to other FCPS elementary schools and it would seem a disadvantage to further decrease its size while
increasing another.Please leave the kemptown district alone. The school has empty classrooms, no children should be moved from there. If you redistricting the kemptown border my specials needs daughter will have to change
schools in first grade!Allowing Option A to be chosen is playing favorites and siding with the people of the villages of Urbana at the expense of the kids of Kemptown.  Option A would empty out Kemptown to 71% capacity.  Kemptown needs no relief, so pulling our kids to go to Urbana is just wrong.  Especially when is it predicted that Urbana will be over capacity in two years.  What will happen then?  You'll just send them back to
Kemptown!noOption A reduces Kemptown Elementary School (KES) Enrollment by 31% and moves 126 children from 2 neighborhoods (PB29 and PB167) to Urbana Elementary School (UES) which equates to 21 children per grade (or essentially one classroom per grade).  This will cause classroom sizes to dramatically increase outside of the state recommended levels at KES.  Additionally, UES is projected to be at 102% capacity one year (2020 school year) after the redistricting is complete.  Moving PB29 and PB167 is irresponsible with the expected growth in the UES district (136 undeveloped lots; 251 projected elementary students).  KES has no projected development and would better accommodate PB29 and PB167 to allow for growth at UES.
In Option A:  Per the FCPS 2019 Projected Enrollment, Kemptown Elementary School is projected to have 422 students enrolled.  Redistricting PB29 and PB167 to UES would remove 126 students from KES. Assuming equal distribution, that is approximately 21 children per grade (K-5) removed from KES.  For 1st grade current enrollment is 49 students. Future enrollment projection estimates a growth of 5 students, though this class size has remained at 49 students for 2 years now (Kindergarten and 1st grade).  Removing 21 students creates a class size of 33 students.  This is highly detrimental to their learning, as large class sizes is what we are trying to avoid in redistricting in the first place.  While this grade level example assumes equal division among grades with the removal of 126 KES students under Option A of the current proposal, it is possible that some grades may lose more children than others causing disproportionate class sizes.
In Option A, moving PB29 and PB167 to UES from KES is a grave mistake.  The projected 2020 enrollment at UES is 102%, one year after redistricting.  Moreover, the projected 2028 enrollment at 115%.  This escalation will likely result in future redistricting as the growth in the Urbana area increases.
Conversely, the projected enrollment at KES with its current 2018-2019 boundary remains below 91% into 2028 with projected enrollment from the June 2018 EFMP Study.  It is unclear why the drastic enrollment projection numbers were updated in the June 2019 EFMP Study, with no planned or future developments in the KES boundary and only 13 undeveloped single-family lots currently available.  The June 2019 EFMP predicts an additional 100 students over the course of the next ten years, while the 2018 EFMP Study predicts stead enrollment at or under the SRC for KES.  The KES enrollment averages between 70-80% over the course of 10 years with no steady or extreme growth with the current boundary in place (2018 EFMP Study).  There is no publicly documented proof, or explanation of the moderate to large growth the 2019 EFMP predicts in the KES district.
Option A does not provide KES students proximity to UES, the school to which they would be newly redistricted under Option A. In addition, the lack of proximity to UES creates more problems: earlier start times for KES students and longer bus runs.
The distance between Kemptown Elementary and PB29 and PB167 is approximately 4 miles, while the distance between PB29 and PB 167 and Urbana Elementary is 12 miles.  Elementary students (as young as 5) riding the bus would be required to start their day earlier.  Currently, the students are picked up at 8:15 a.m. The closest Urbana Elementary bus stop is currently on Fire Tower Lane (15 minutes from PB29), and their bus pickup is currently at 8:09 am. It is likely a bus pickup for PB29 would be close to 7:40 a.m. for elementary students (which is the time many middle school students in PB29 are walking to school).  In the winter, it is not light at 7:40 am, and this time much earlier than PB29s current bus pickup.  Placing elementary school children in the dark and at a middle school hour is irresponsible.  The early hour places KES students at another disadvantage to their new UES peers and undermines an equitable learning opportunity, as most will have been on the bus for more than double the time than if they had been permitted to stay at their neighborhood school. The run time and distance of busses would be greatly increased with this position, as Urbana Elementary school is the furthest elementary school in the Urbana High School feeder pattern from PB29.
Both Options lead to double split feeder patterns for PB29, PB167, and PB179.  In Option A, PB29 and PB167 split from elementary school (66% of the children split; socially isolating them from their peers) to middle school at WKMS, and then from WKMS between UHS and LHS.  In Option B, PB176 is the only UHS neighborhood to attend TRES.  From there TRES splits between NMMS and WKMS, then from WKMS to LHS and UHS.  This goes against the BOE policy 200 for limiting the number of splits within a given feeder pattern, and isolates the double splits to three PBs (PB29 and PB167 in Option A; PB179 in Option B).  It appears that PB29 and PB167 are being used as pawns to balance out the elementary to middle school feeder pattern split at the disadvantage of our children
It is not believed there has been any justification that the benefit of moving children from the current Kemptown Elementary School District outweighs the cost to our children and community in either of these
options.Option B is the perfect option across all school levels - ES through HS!Projected growth within this part of the county does not align with redistricting children out of the Kemptown boundary, especially to Urbana Elementary School. Kemptown should be left alone and kept as is. This option projects Urbana Elementary school at 102% capacity within a year of redistricting (2020 school year).  Option A creates a double split feeder pattern for only 2 neighborhoods (Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven)
Children in these two neighborhoods will split from elementary school to middle school (between Windsor Knolls MS and Urbana MS). Option B separates the Manorwood neighborhood into two planning blocks,
which will result in kids within the same planned community at different schools for elementary school.Option A creates a double split feeder pattern for only 2 neighborhoods (Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven) o Children in these two neighborhoods will split from elementary school to middle school (between Windsor Knolls MS and Urbana MS)
66% of the children that split are from Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven to WKMS It appears that the Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven Neighborhoods are being used as pawns to balance out the elementary to middle school feeder pattern split at the disadvantage of our children.
o Children are then split again at the middle school to high school level from WKMS between Urbana High School and Linganore High School
In Option A, moving PB29 and PB167 to UES from KES is a grave mistake.  The projected 2020 enrollment at UES is 102%, one year after redistricting.  Moreover, the projected 2028 enrollment at 115%.  This escalation will likely result in future redistricting as the growth in the Urbana area increases.
Conversely, the projected enrollment at KES with its current 2018-2019 boundary remains below 91% into 2028 with projected enrollment from the June 2018 EFMP Study.  It is unclear why the drastic enrollment projection numbers were updated in the June 2019 EFMP Study, with no planned or future developments in the KES boundary and only 13 undeveloped single-family lots currently available.  The June 2019 EFMP predicts an additional 100 students over the course of the next ten years, while the 2018 EFMP Study predicts stead enrollment at or under the SRC for KES.  The KES enrollment averages between 70-80% over the course of 10 years with no steady or extreme growth with the current boundary in place (2018 EFMP Study).  There is no publicly documented proof, or explanation of the moderate to large growth the 2019 EFMP predicts in the KES district.
As of the June 2019 EFMP report, there are 136 undeveloped lot in UES boundary and 13 in KES boundary. Future enrollment numbers per development (per Cropper GIS) are 6 elementary students in the KES boundary and 251 elementary students in the UES boundary.  This development will lead to significant growth expected within the UES boundary and adding PB29 and PB167 to the UES boundary will only exacerbate the problem and lead to future redistricting sooner.  PB29 and PB167 currently have 126 elementary school students within them.  This is a significant burden on the UES boundary.  Thus, moving students in PB29 (currently 96 students) from Kemptown Elementary is irresponsible in looking forward at future growth and school capacity needs.
Moving 2 planning blocks (PB29 and PB167) to UES adds to an already overcrowded school unnecessarily. This leads to the likelihood of large-scale redistricting in the near future as well as highly overcrowded schools.  However, leaving the KES boundary the way it is during the 2018-2019 academic year allows for the much-needed additional growth within the UES boundary, as shown in the projected enrollment data over the course of the next ten years.
Not moving PB29 and PB167 allows growth for UES without impacting capacity rates at KES.  The room these students would occupy would be better used for planned growth patterns, rather than the high probability they would be moved back and forth in the near future.  This would greatly impact our children (both the children at KES and UES) by increasing the number of times neighborhoods are redistricted, resulting in instability in neighborhoods and continued disruption of assigned feeder patterns.  Not only does moving children out of the current KES boundary do a great disservice to our children, but it would serve to exacerbate the problems this redistricting study is working so hard to resolve.
Proposed alternative (Option B+):  Keep the Kemptown Elementary School Boundary as it is currently.
This option would allow for a Urbana Elementary School to grow, as the Urbana community grows.  It would keep Twin Ridge Elementary from becoming further overcrowded.  Additionally, this proposal does not skeletonize Kemptown Elementary School.I don't understand why more portables and another AP couldn't be added to elementary schools in Urbana
for 2 years so kids aren't on busses longer or having to switch schools.Option B+ is leaving Kemptown Elementary as it currently is, keeping the school utilized well, as there are currently classrooms not in use even at 98% capacity this year.  There is not a lot of growth in the  Kemptown district, and it gives Urbana the ability to have room to grow, which it inevitably will.  There is so much growth in Urbana, and if you move the Windsor knolls/ Loch haven planning block like it is proposed in option A, it will only be worse.  It also makes bus rides two to three times longer for kids if they are moved to Urbana elementary, therefore possibly needing an additional bus to make sure kids get to
school on time.I am concerned that option A would under utilize KES and that by keeping the KES boundaries as is it opens available space for the rapidly growing Urbana area.  I do not like the thought of my children being
"bounced" around to different schools because of our location.Both seem to make some odd changes to the Kemptown populationLooking at the population growth projections, Urbana Elementary will be overcrowded by A LOT in the next few years *WITHOUT* the kids from Kemptown.  Meaning you'll just have to redistrict again and probably put them back at Kemptown.  Save yourself a step and leave Kemptown alone.  It is approaching capacity, but nowhere near the level Urbana is.  And the projected development in the Kemptown area is nothing compared to Urbana.  You'll just have to build another elementary school in the Urbana area sooner
rather than later.Current 5 year enrollment projections show Kemptown growing to 102% capacity (which only equates to 6 students, or 1 student per grade).  However, Option A reduces Kemptown Elementary School (KES) Enrollment by 31% and moves 126 children from 2 neighborhoods (Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven) to Urbana Elementary School (UES) 31% of KES equates to 21 children per grade, or essentially one classroom per grade.
o Projected growth within this part of the county does not align with redistricting children out of the KES boundary, especially to Urbana Elementary School
o Limited growth planned in the KES district (13 undeveloped lots; 6 projected additional elementary school children)
o Significant growth planned in UES district (136 undeveloped lots; 251 projected additional elementary school students)
o This option projects Urbana Elementary school at 102% capacity within a year of redistricting (2020 school year)
o Estimated capacity for Urbana Elementary goes up to 115% by 2028.  Moving children from KES exasperates the need and frequency for redistricting this area and does not allow UES the room to grow it so desperately needs
o Option A creates a double split feeder pattern for only 2 neighborhoods (Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven)
o Children in these two neighborhoods will split from elementary school to middle school (between Windsor Knolls MS and Urbana MS)
o 66% of the children that split are from Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven to WKMS
o Children are then split again at the middle school to high school level from WKMS between Urbana High School and Linganore High School
The difference between Option A and B is negligible for Urbana Elementary - a mere 3% difference in reduction for Urbana between the two options, whereas the difference between Option A and Option B for Kemptown Elementary is a startling 22% difference.  Why require KES to suffer a 31% reduction in plan A, when Urbana only gains a 3% relief?
Option A reduces Kemptown Elementary's Equated Enrollment from 102% to 71%. Option B reduces Kemptown's Equated Enrollment to 93%.
Option A reduces Urbana Elementary's Equated Enrollment from 103% to 91%. Option B reduces Urbana's Enrollment to 94% - a mere 3% difference.
In Option A Centerville ES does have 330 students moving to another school; however, it is important to note that the other two schools to which they are moving, Sugarloaf ES and Urbana ES, are both located in Urbana. All three schools are within a mile or a mile and a half from each other. Whereas, the other students affected by Option A (students from four other schools including Kemptown Elementary) would be redistricted to a different school not within their community. Unlike the student populations in Urbana they face the challenges of a of a new school, as well as a new community!
The distance between Kemptown Elementary and PB29 and PB167 is approximately 4 miles, while the distance between PB29 and PB 167 and Urbana Elementary is 12 miles.  From my home (PB 167), it takes 17 minutes to get to Urbana Elementary school.  Currently, it only take 7 minutes to get to Kemptown Elementary.  Elementary students (as young as 5) riding the bus would be required to start their day earlier. It is likely a bus pickup for PB167 would be close to 7:40 a.m. for elementary students (which is the time many middle school students in PB167 are walking to school).  In the winter, it is not light at 7:40 am, and this time much earlier than PB167 current bus pickup (8:25 currently).  Placing elementary school children in the dark and at a middle school hour is irresponsible.  The early hour places KES students at another disadvantage to their new UES peers and undermines an equitable learning opportunity, as most will have been on the bus for more than double the time than if they had been permitted to stay at their neighborhood school. The run time and distance of busses would be greatly increased with this position, as Urbana Elementary school is the furthest elementary school in the Urbana High School feeder pattern from PB167. A 17 minute commute to my children's school would present numerous challenges to me and my children.  If my child were hurt or sick, that would be 10 minutes longer to get to her school.  Should I be coming from work, (in Montgomery County), my commute up I-270 could be 30-45 minutes longer to UES than to KES, which is highly significant in an emergency or urgent situation.  When I volunteer, drop off forgotten items, or visit during the lunch hour, that adds up to an additional 45 minutes - 1 hour I would have to take leave
from my work.I have concerns about how the class numbers would be affected by the changes which could result in my children being in rooms with more children than may be needed.  I fear that the growth of the Urbana
housing is going to impact plan A more than anticipated.I have concerns about how the class numbers would be affected by the changes which could result in my children being in rooms with more children than may be needed.  I fear that the growth of the Urbana
housing is going to impact plan A more than anticipated.PB 29 and 167 should remain at Kemptown ES. Kemptown ES should remain the way it is in order to fully utilize the school and make sure these students are not subject to a double split feeder pattern and another redistricting in a couple years since Urbana ES will be over capacity the first year it opens while Kemptown
will be under capacity.It doesn't seem to make sense to pull students from Kemptown ES currently and send them to Urbana ES and to split them from their ES friends when some are sent to WKMS and some to UMS and then to have the same thing repeated when WKMS is split between LHS and UHS.  It would seem to make more sense as
in Option B to keep those kids at Kemptown where they would all feed into WKMS.Kemptown elementary shouldn't even be in the redistricting area.  Kemptown can offer no relief to other schools, nor does it need relief.  Busing our kids from PB29 twelve miles to Urbana elementary is ridiculous and shows blind favoritism to the villages of Urbana who cannot be inconvenienced by traveling perhaps an
additional half mile to school.The numbers at Kemptown ES should not decrease by over 100 students.  It is already a small school.  I believe this would then negatively impact the students by creating other issues, like split grades.  I do not want my children to be in classes that have 2 grades in them.  This would ultimately result in ineffective
delivery of curriculum to my children.  Bad impact on children.Option A shows favoritism to the villages of Urbana at the expense of the kids of Kemptown.  Leave
Kemptown alone.o Option A reduces Kemptown Elementary School (KES) Enrollment by 31% and moves 126 children from 2 neighborhoods (Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven) to Urbana Elementary School (UES)
o 31% of KES equates to 21 children per grade, or essentially one classroom per grade
o With 2019-2020 enrollment projections, class sizes would look like the following under Option A: 2018-2019 2018-2019 2019-2020 Option A 2 classes 3 classes
Actual Class Sizes Projection (less 21 per grade) K 71 23/24/24 73 52 26 17/17/18
1st 49 24/25 70 49 25/26 16/16/17
2nd 73 24/24/25 54 33 16/17 N/A
3rd 62 20/21/21 74 53 26/27 17/18/18
4th 79 25/26/28 70 49 25/26 16/16/17
5th 71 23/23/25 81 60 30 20
a) The yellow highlighted cells are the current class room needs at KES with the projected 2019 enrollment
b) It is unlikely that class sizes in the teens will be allowed at all grade levels at KES with the need to staff a new elementary school
o Projected growth within this part of the county does not align with redistricting children out of the KES boundary, especially to Urbana Elementary School
o Limited growth planned in the KES district (13 undeveloped lots; 6 projected additional elementary school children)
o Significant growth planned in UES district (136 undeveloped lots; 251 projected additional elementary school students)
o This option projects Urbana Elementary school at 102% capacity within a year of redistricting (2020 school year)
o Estimated capacity for Urbana Elementary goes up to 115% by 2028.  Moving children from KES exasperates the need and frequency for redistricting this area and does not allow UES the room to grow it so desperately needs
o Option A creates a double split feeder pattern for only 2 neighborhoods (Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven)
o Children in these two neighborhoods will split from elementary school to middle school (between Windsor Knolls MS and Urbana MS)
o 66% of the children that split are from Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven to WKMS
o It appears that the Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven Neighborhoods are being used as pawns to balance out the elementary to middle school feeder pattern split at the disadvantage of our children.
o Children are then split again at the middle school to high school level from WKMS between Urbana High School and Linganore High School
o Option B separated the Manorwood neighborhood into two planning blocks, which will result in kids within the same planned community at different schools for elementary school
o With 2019-2020 enrollment projections, class sizes would look like the following under Option B:
Projection Option B 2 classes 3 classes (less 6 per grade)
K 73 67 33/34 22/22/23
1st 70 64 32 21/21/22
2nd 54 48 24 N/A
3rd 74 68 34 22/23/23
4th 70 64 32 21/21/22
5th 81 75 37/38 25
a) The yellow highlighted cells are the current class room needs at KES with the projected 2019 enrollment
o Twin Ridge is near or over 100% (98% for option B and 102% for option A) capacity for both options A and B whereas Kemptown is at 71%(A) or 93% (B).
o It is unclear the value the Frederick County School Districts is gaining in moving a small percentage of children (option B) out of a school that is under capacity and to a school that is near or over capacity.
o This will adversely affect our children's learning and is highly disruptive to the impacted children and families.
It is not believed there has been any justification that the benefit of moving children from the current Kemptown Elementary School District outweighs the cost to our children and community in either of these options.
Proposed alternative (Option B+):  Keep the Kemptown Elementary School Boundary as it is currently.
This option would allow for an Urbana Elementary School to grow, as the Urbana community grows.  It would keep Twin Ridge Elementary from becoming further overcrowded.  Additionally, this proposal does not skeletonize Kemptown Elementary School.
Projection Option B+ 2 classes 3 classes (no changes to KES)
K 73 73 36/37 24/24/25
1st 70 70 35 23/23/24
2nd 54 54 27 18
3rd 74 74 37 24/25/25
4th 70 70 35 23/23/24
5th 81 81 40/41 27
Concerns with LOU Redistricting Options for the Kemptown Elementary School CommunityStatistics and Evidence for our concern
With the new SRCs the utilization increases in every elementary school, which causes two new elementary schools to go over 100% utilization (Kemptown and Oakdale). Middle and High schools all go under 100%
utilization with the revised SRCs. The justification for moving 31% of the student population out ofPlease do not change the Kemptown community for the sake of change. From the data I have seen, there is no benefit for both/either option A and/or option B. The changes certainly do justify the negative impact.
Please keep PB 179, 29 and 167 at Kemptown. Please keep the Kemptown community together.ES Option A separates PB29 and 167 from the rest of Kemptown, creating multiples issues.  First,  Kemptown is not overcrowded and there is very limited growth planned in the area (13 undeveloped lots). However, Urbana ES, where Option A would bus us, has significant growth planned (136+ undeveloped lots).  Urbana ES's growth rate will increase greatly.  Therefore, it makes sense for both schools to leave PB29 and 167 at Kemptown.
Second, Option A creates a double split feeder pattern for these 2 neighborhoods.  Urbana ES splits between 2 middle schools and Windsor Knolls MS splits between 2 high schools.  This is very detrimental to
students' well being and is against the goals that were stated for redistricting.PLEASE consider allowing KES boundaries to stay the way they are now - allow the Urbana community to
grow, and keep our KES utilized to its ability instead of skeletonizing the school.Whatever ultimately happens, I think it's important to keep Kemptown students together K-12, whether
they land at UHS or LHS.As a proposed alternative, keep the Kemptown Elementary School Boundary as it is currently.
This option would allow for a Urbana Elementary School to grow, as the Urbana community grows.  It would keep Twin Ridge Elementary from becoming further overcrowded.  Additionally, this proposal does not skeletonize Kemptown Elementary School. This option would allow for all of the feeder patterns to only
have one split, while limiting overcrowding of heavily developed areas within this part of the county.A better option would be Option B+ that moves PB 43, 44, 45, and 53 to TRES instead of PB179 (keeping that instead at KES). With the current option B GVES will be over capacity when it opens in 2020 (105%) and increasing in it's overcapacity by 2025 (118%) and 2028 (115%). This mapping is more beneficial to GVES, KES, and TRES than the current plan and maintains the MS and HS alignments already planned for all three schools. There would be continuity for PB 43/44/45/53 from ES through HS in B+ plan, unlike what is planned for PB179 in the current option B where they are the only PB from their elementary school that is
not routed to LHS.Option A seems to be a better option for districting the new Urbana Elementary school. Makes sense from
both physical and fiscal perspectives. Although my current neighborhood (PB 29) would be affected, Option A provides better planning for the Urbana region in the future.Option A lets the villages of Urbana have deciding power in where their kids go while ignoring Kemptown's needs.  Having some little villages -as if they're special- attend one school and others a different one is stupid.  Option A pulls 29% of Kemptown's population away.  Urbana is going to be overcrowded in two years without the kids from Kemptown.  Why bus our kids to an overcrowded school
leaving another WAY underutilized?As a proposed alternative, keep the current Kemptown Elementary School Boundary in tact.
This option would allow for a Urbana Elementary School to grow, as the Urbana community grows.  It would keep Twin Ridge Elementary from becoming further overcrowded.  Additionally, this proposal does not skeletonize Kemptown Elementary School. This option would allow for all of the feeder patterns to only have one split, while limiting overcrowding of heavily developed areas within this part of the county. 1. Under Option A, nearly 1/3 of the school (PB29 and PB167) moved to Urbana Elementary School under Option A.  This not only isolates those two planning blocks, but it does a grave disservice to the KES community.  This move will lead to larger class sizes, less volunteers, a skeletonized school, diminished PTA support, and a significant disruption to our children and community.
By moving these two PBs (29 and 167), you are creating the burden of two splits in their feeder pattern to fall solely on these two areas (from ES to MS; then MS to HS).
In Option A:  Per the FCPS 2019 Projected Enrollment, Kemptown Elementary School is projected to have 422 students enrolled.  Redistricting PB29 and PB167 to UES would remove 126 students from KES. Assuming equal distribution, that is approximately 21 children per grade (K-5) removed from KES.  For 1st grade current enrollment is 49 students. Future enrollment projection estimates a growth of 5 students, though this class size has remained at 49 students for 2 years now (Kindergarten and 1st grade).  Removing 21 students creates a class size of 33 students.  This is highly detrimental to their learning, as large class sizes is what we are trying to avoid in redistricting in the first place.  While this grade level example assumes equal division among grades with the removal of 126 KES students under Option A of the current proposal, it is possible that some grades may lose more children than others causing disproportionate class sizes.
Actual 2018/19     2019/20 Opt. A(-21grade)   2 classes     3 classes K 71   23/24/24 73      52                          26           17/17/18
1st 49   24/25         70      49                          25/26   16/16/17
2nd 73   24/24/25 54      33                         16/17    N/A
3rd 62   20/21/21 74      53                         26/27    17/18/18
4th 79   25/26/28 70      49                         25/26    16/16/17
5th 71   23/23/25 81      60                         30              20
a) The yellow highlighted cells are the current class room needs at KES with the projected 2019 enrollment
b) It is unlikely that class sizes in the teens will be allowed at all grade levels at KES with the need to staff a new elementary school
It is my understanding that the Villages of Urbana (VoU) community is rallying for Elementary School Option A due to the way that it keeps their community together.  In the attached document we propose an alternate option (arbitrarily named B+), which could benefit both the KES and VoU communities but adopting the VoU (Centerville, Sugarloaf, Urbana ES) pattern and distribution of children, while NOT moving PB29 and PB167 to UES, which would benefit the Kemptown Elementary School Community.  This proposal allows for future growth to occur in the Urbana area without adding to an overcrowding problem at UES.  It also allows for the full utilization of Kemptown Elementary School.
We have proposed as a community (KES) an additional option which would create relief at both TRES and UES, while fully utilizing Kemptown Elementary School.  Our proposed option would leave the Kemptown Elementary School boundary the same as it is currently.  This will allow for growth at UES, allow for TRES to maintain utilization as it is now, and allows for full utilization within Kemptown Elementary School.
Actual 2018/19         2019/20  OptB (no change)2 classes   3 classes K 71        23/24/24 73        73                 36/37       24/24/25
1st 49        24/25         70        70                  35               23/23/24
2nd 73        24/24/25 54        54                  27               18
3rd 62        20/21/21 74        74                  37               24/25/25
4th 79        25/26/28 70        70                  35               23/23/24
5th 71        23/23/25 81        81                  40/41        27
a) The yellow highlighted cells are the current class room needs at KES with the projected 2019 enrollment
We hope as a community you seriously take a look at our concerns for both Elementary School Option A and B and give some serious thought to the detriment that moving PB29 and PB167 causes to both the Urbana and Kemptown communities.
2. Under Option B Kemptown Elementary School, it is very saddening to see the Manorwood neighborhood (PB179) separated from its original PB9 community.  Elementary School Option B will result in kids within the same planned community attending different schools.
Twin Ridge Elementary School is near or over 100% (98% for option B and 102% for option A) capacity for both options A and B whereas Kemptown is at 71%(A) or 93% (B).  It is unclear the value the Frederick County School District is gaining in moving a small percentage of children (option B-38 children) out of a
school that is under capacity and to a school that is near or over capacity. This will adversely affect our children's learning and is highly disruptive to the impacted children and families, and this option
completely isolates these 38 children.
If we follow PB179 (38 elementary students) all the way through the plan, they are taking them out of KES  to send them to TRES, an unnecessary move. Then, it moves KES and TRES students to WKMS, and finally when it goes to HS, only PB179 from TRES will go to UHS; the rest of TRES will go to LHS. Using a grade level example there would be 6 kids that we move to TRES; they go to WKMS (this is the same as if they just stay in KES), and then those 6 kids leave everyone in TRES to go to UHS. This impact is higher for kids who never started at KES, for they would be leaving the kids they've gone to school with for 9 years to go to a HS with kids they've only known for 3 years. If we leave them in with KES, they would stay with the same kids all the way through ES, MS, and HS.
Actual 2018/19 2019/20 (-6grade) 2 classes 3 classes
K 71          23/24/24     73 67            33/34         22/22/23
1st 49          24/25             70 64            32         21/21/22
2nd 73          24/24/25     54 48            24         N/A
3rd 62           20/21/21     74 68            34          22/23/23
4th 79           25/26/28     70 64            32          21/21/22
5th 71          23/23/25     81 75            37/38          25
a) The yellow highlighted cells are the current class room needs at KES with the projected 2019 enrollment
We have proposed as a community (KES) an additional option which would create relief at both TRES and UES, while fully utilizing Kemptown Elementary School.  Our proposed option would leave the Kemptown Elementary School boundary the same as it is currently.  This will allow for growth at UES, allow for TRES to maintain utilization as it is now, and allows for full utilization within Kemptown Elementary School.
Actual 2018/19     2019/20 Opt B (no change)2 classes       3 classes K 71        23/24/24 73        73                           36/37 24/24/25
1st 49        24/25         70        70                           35          23/23/24
2nd 73        24/24/25 54        54                           27          18
3rd 62        20/21/21 74        74                           37          24/25/25
4th 79        25/26/28 70        70                           35           23/23/24
5th 71        23/23/25 81        81                           40/41    27
a) The yellow highlighted cells are the current class room needs at KES with the projected 2019 enrollmentAny way we can split the difference in kids and only reduce Kemptown by 50?Option A creates a double split feeder pattern for only 2 neighborhoods (Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven) o Children in these two neighborhoods will split from elementary school to middle school (between Windsor Knolls MS and Urbana MS)
o66% of the children that split are from Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven to WKMS
oIt appears that the Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven Neighborhoods are being used as pawns to balance out the elementary to middle school feeder pattern split at the disadvantage of our children.
o Children are then split again at the middle school to high school level from WKMS between Urbana High School and Linganore High School
In Option A, moving PB29 and PB167 to UES from KES is a grave mistake.  The projected 2020 enrollment at UES is 102%, one year after redistricting.  Moreover, the projected 2028 enrollment at 115%.  This escalation will likely result in future redistricting as the growth in the Urbana area increases.
Conversely, the projected enrollment at KES with its current 2018-2019 boundary remains below 91% into 2028 with projected enrollment from the June 2018 EFMP Study.  It is unclear why the drastic enrollment projection numbers were updated in the June 2019 EFMP Study, with no planned or future developments in the KES boundary and only 13 undeveloped single-family lots currently available.  The June 2019 EFMP predicts an additional 100 students over the course of the next ten years, while the 2018 EFMP Study predicts stead enrollment at or under the SRC for KES.  The KES enrollment averages between 70-80% over the course of 10 years with no steady or extreme growth with the current boundary in place (2018 EFMP Study).  There is no publicly documented proof, or explanation of the moderate to large growth the 2019 EFMP predicts in the KES district.
As of the June 2019 EFMP report, there are 136 undeveloped lot in UES boundary and 13 in KES boundary. Future enrollment numbers per development (per Cropper GIS) are 6 elementary students in the KES boundary and 251 elementary students in the UES boundary.  This development will lead to significant growth expected within the UES boundary and adding PB29 and PB167 to the UES boundary will only exacerbate the problem and lead to future redistricting sooner.  PB29 and PB167 currently have 126 elementary school students within them.  This is a significant burden on the UES boundary.  Thus, moving students in PB29 (currently 96 students) from Kemptown Elementary is irresponsible in looking forward at future growth and school capacity needs.
Moving 2 planning blocks (PB29 and PB167) to UES adds to an already overcrowded school unnecessarily. This leads to the likelihood of large-scale redistricting in the near future as well as highly overcrowded schools.  However, leaving the KES boundary the way it is during the 2018-2019 academic year allows for the much-needed additional growth within the UES boundary, as shown in the projected enrollment data over the course of the next ten years.
Not moving PB29 and PB167 allows growth for UES without impacting capacity rates at KES.  The room these students would occupy would be better used for planned growth patterns, rather than the high probability they would be moved back and forth in the near future.  This would greatly impact our children (both the children at KES and UES) by increasing the number of times neighborhoods are redistricted, resulting in instability in neighborhoods and continued disruption of assigned feeder patterns.  Not only does moving children out of the current KES boundary do a great disservice to our children, but it would serve to exacerbate the problems this redistricting study is working so hard to resolve.
Proposed alternative (Option B+):  Keep the Kemptown Elementary School Boundary as it is currently.
This option would allow for a Urbana Elementary School to grow, as the Urbana community grows.  It would keep Twin Ridge Elementary from becoming further overcrowded.  Additionally, this proposal does not skeletonize Kemptown Elementary School.There is no need to move PB29 and PB167 from Kemptown ES.  Kemptown is not overcrowded, nor is it expanding.  Urbana ES will need to capacity as the areas closer by are developed.
Also, Option A causes a double split feeder pattern for PB29 and PB167, which is very detrimental to the
students.oOption A creates a double split feeder pattern for only 2 neighborhoods (Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven)There is no need to move any areas out of Kemptown ES.  Kemptown is not overcrowded and is not
projected to be overcrowded.Option A shows blind favoritism to the villages of Urbana and should not be adopted at the expense of
Kemptown Elementary.Keeps my kids at Kemptown.This is the only acceptable option because it keeps more of the current KES community together for the 20-
21 school year.Keeps our kids at Kemptown. Urbana would be terribly inconvenient for our family and neighborhood.I do not like this option.Option B allows are children to stay in the same school which is only 3 miles away from our home.  In
addition, the school is not overcrowded.I strongly prefer Option B, as is allows the residents of Windsor Knolls, where I live to continue sending our elementary-aged students to KES, which is much less of a burden on both my children and on my family as
a whole.It keeps Windsor Knolls neighborhood at Kemptown ESI don't like itUnclearIt appears smallerMy children remain within a decent distance from schoolNothing. It is awful. It compartmentalizes PB 179 away from Kemptown ES, it's neighboring communities,
and creates a TRES-WKMS-UHS feeder pattern that is unique ONLY to this small PB.Everything! Thumbs up FCPSWe live in PB 29 and it keeps my kids at Kemptown Elementary.  I don't want my children to have to get on a bus super early to go three times as far to a school that is just going to be overcrowded in two years.
When you redistrict again in five years, the Windsor Knolls community will probably be placed back at
Kemptown anyhow.Absolutely nothing.I am planning block 29. I like that we are still at Kemptown and that the feeder pretty much stays the same. The school is close and there is a tight community feeling between planning blocks 29, 167, 30, 31, and 34. We share the same pool and community areas.  I like that this option presents the smallest disturbance for currently enrolled elementary school kids at Kemptown.  What I DO NOT like is that planning block 179
has been removed from Kemptown in this option.  Please keep the current Kemptown community together.Option B will keep our Kemptown community together- I can remain on the PTA, my son isn't ripped out of his comfort zone after 3 years and our entire class will move on to middle school TOGETHER. This option makes the most sense and will cause the least disruption to families at Kemptown Elementary. Please,
please consider our families, community and school.My son will not have to ride a bus for 45 minutes to get to his school that currently takes us >5 minutes to get to in the morning and afternoon. The traffic in Urbana is ridiculous and should be kept within URBANA. Our kids don't have the luxury of living within walking distance therefore our commutes will be affected negatively. 90% of the school will split off to Urbana Middle while our small group of children will come back to Windsor Knolls in Option A, whereas Option B keeps our kids together throughout elementary, middle and high school. Please, please honor Option B and keep Kemptown families where
they are.Option B is the best option for our children because it keeps them at their nearby elementary school,
Kemptown.I prefer option A as it seems to be the "best fit" for all involved schools.  There will never be a one size fits all
that will work.Keeping kids at KESNaPut our kemptown kids togetherThis is the option that makes sense for the Windosr Knolls community.  It keeps our kids at Kemptown.Nothing.  Disregard this option.  We also noticed with this option that next door neighbors in a few neighborhoods wouldn't go to the same school.  Option A seems more appropriately broken apart. I think Kemptown in general should be removed from the study.  We weren't impacted at first, but this would
impact us greatly.friends teachersIt maintains the majority of current  KES boundariesIt keeps KES togetherMore kids at Kemptown - facing possible portable situationit affects the least amount of kids which is ultimately what this is about.Much prefer this. We want to stay at Kemptown.I don't like this option AT ALLThis option makes the most sense as it keeps the kids of the Windsor Knolls community at Kemptown Elementary.  Looking at the projections, Urbana Elementary is going to be over capacity in two years and
Kemptown will be under by more students than live in PB29.  So, leave our kids in Kemptown.YES! It is closer, not at capacity, and the right choice to keep the children from Windsor Knolls at
KemptownIt keeps my daughter and her friends together.This option makes the most sense for the kids in PB29, the Windsor Knolls neighborhood.  I don't want my kids to have to go to an elementary school that is ten miles away, when there is a less crowded option three
miles away.My kids would go to Twin Ridge and then be separated from them in High School.  Very difficult for continuity of extra curricular activities and forming friend outside that have known each other through school systems that have kept those kids together.  Very small group of kids as well that would continue at
Kemptown with this option, really doesnt make sense to have them go to Twin Ridge.This option makes the most sense for the kids in PB29 as it keeps our kids at Kemptown.Option B kees PB29 and PB167 in the Kemptown Elementary School and does not skelatlize Kemptown Elementary School by removing almost one third (31%) of the schools student enrollment.
All but one ES is under 100% utilization and this option has the fewest number of students living within non-transported areas.This makes the most sense to PB29; it keeps them at Kemptown.Option B kees PB29 and PB167 in the Kemptown Elementary School and does not skelatlize Kemptown Elementary School by removing almost one third (31%) of the schools student enrollment.
All but one ES is under 100% utilization and this option has the fewest number of students living within non-transported areas.Option B kees PB29 and PB167 in the Kemptown Elementary School and does not skelatlize Kemptown Elementary School by removing almost one third (31%) of the schools student enrollment.
All but one ES is under 100% utilization and this option has the fewest number of students living within
non-transported areas.Seems to make the most senseKeep Kemptown togetherI vote for option B. Please do not send more kids to UES - they will be over capacity while KES will be gutted and this feeder pattern will be broken up multiplel times. Keep KES boundaries as it is! Option B has fewer number of students living within non-transported areas and while it may impact a greater number of elementary students, in the long term planning is the best option as it keep all schools (with the exception of Liberty, which is going to be reconstructed anyway) below 100% utilization. This is the most pragmatic
option in the long term.Option B kees PB29 and PB167 in the Kemptown Elementary School and does not skelatlize Kemptown Elementary School by removing almost one third (31%) of the schools student enrollment.
All but one ES is under 100% utilization and this option has the fewest number of students living within non-transported areas.This option keeps my kids at Kemptown, so it makes sense.Option B keeps PB29 and PB167 in the Kemptown Elementary School and does not skelatalize Kemptown Elementary School by removing almost one third (31%) of the schools student enrollment.
All but one ES is under 100% utilization and this option has the fewest number of students living within non-transported areas.Keeps my kids at Kemptown, which is the closest school to my houseLess disruptive overall to students.This keeps my kids in Kemptown, which would be grossly underutilized were they to go to Urbana as in
Option A.UnknownThis option makes sense to us in PB29 as it keeps our kids at Kemptown.  Urbana Elem will be overcrowded in two years and Kemptown will be grossly underutilized in that time if you take the ~100 kids from PB29 from Kemptown and place them in Urbana.  Meaning that the next time you redistrict, my kids will just be
moved back to Kemptown.nanWe need a new option for this KES community. neither is acceptable.We would go to Urbana high schoolI do not like this option at all, it splits our elementary school unnecessarily. It removes my daughters and only a small percentage of children from Kemptown ES not making any significant difference in enrollment at the overcrowded schools with this Kemptown shift, but will make a huge and detrimental impact to my daughter.  It cuts our neighborhood from the close neighborhood and friends essentially right next door.
This is an important time in her young life and she will be forced to start over at a new school, new girl scout troop at a very difficult age where the current population at Twin Ridge is already established, too close to capacity to take on more kids unnecessarily, and is closeknit as the majority of kids come from the
immediate surrounding neighborhoods.Option B kees PB29 and PB167 in the Kemptown Elementary School and does not skelatlize Kemptown Elementary School by removing almost one third (31%) of the schools student enrollment.
All but one ES is under 100% utilization and this option has the fewest number of students living
within non-transported areas.That my kids would attend Urbana high schoolThis keeps the kids of PB29 in Kemptown.  Kemptown doesn't need to be included in the redistricting plan.
We are near capacity and will remain so.Everything except 30 students being pulled from Kemptown for no reasonIf Option B were modified to keep my planning block in Kemptown I believe it would be the preferred
optionThis option makes sense for Kemptown.  It keeps the kids of PB29 there.Windsor Knolls and Lockhaven neighborhoods remain at Kemptown Elementary. They should not be moved to Urbana ES which is a growing, overcrowded area when Kemptown does not have planned
growth.Windsor Knolls and Lockhaven neighborhoods remain at Kemptown which they should. Kemptown is not
over crowded or even close to being overcrowded. There is no planned growth in the Kemptown area.All  schools'  utilization is well balanced, which means less possibility for school redistricting  in the near
future.Still going to Urbana HighThis option keeps the kids of PB29 at Kemptown, so it makes the most sense.That it keeps most of the current Kemptown community together.  Urbana Elementary Impact is Negligible in Option B, as the Urbana Community Remains Intact:
In Option A Centerville ES does have 330 students moving to another school; however, it is important to note that the other two schools to which they are moving, Sugarloaf ES and Urbana ES, are both located in Urbana. All three schools are within a mile or a mile and a half from each other. Whereas, the other students affected by Option A (students from four other schools including Kemptown Elementary) would be
redistricted to a different school not within their community. Unlike the student populations in Urbana they face the challenges of a of a new school, as well as a new community!Planning blocks 29 and 167 would remain at Kemptown ES.PB 29 and 167 are kept at Kemptown Es.It keeps existing schools and neighborhoods together and doesn't force parents to drive halfway across the
county to take their kids to school.communities are not divided; location to home; administration is encouraging this option and I respect their
opinion, current daycare stays the same.Do not like this option at all.no commentsdo not like this option as we would no longer feed to KemptownOption B maintains a level attendance number at Kemptown ES and does not create an additional
attendance burden at Twin Ridge ES.I think this would be good for students in this area who would likely go through pre-school with other
children going to TRES.That my kids go to Urbana high schoolThis option makes sense for the kids of PB29; it keeps them at Kemptown.don't have elementary school agesOption B keeps PB29 and PB167 in the Kemptown Elementary School and does not skelatlize Kemptown Elementary School by removing almost one third (31%) of the school's student enrollment.  It also allows for the projected and expected growth at UES.
All but one ES is under 100% utilization and this option has the fewest number of students living within non-transported areas.Still keeps communities together and is the perfect option!Would appreciate consideration for a new draft.My neighborhood remains at KES.NothingIt keeps Windsor knolls/loch haven kids together, and utilizes kemptown better.I like that my children will have consistency in their classmates through out their educational experience.  I appreciate the family focus that KES offers and the amazing teacher experiences we have had at KES.  I fear my daughter would be negatively impacted by the changes and therefore her academic opportunities would
suffer.I do not like that optionI like this option in that it keeps the kids close to Kemptown *AT* Kemptown.For my street A & B would be the sameThat it keeps the majority of the current Kemptown community attending Kemptown.The consistency with Kemptown boundaries will limit the potential for my children to attend schools further from our home, will allow for them to be with the same students for their educational experiences
and will allow us to continue in a very family focused school environment.The consistency with Kemptown boundaries will limit the potential for my children to attend schools further from our home, will allow for them to be with the same students for their educational experiences
and will allow us to continue in a very family focused school environment.Our neighborhood Es does not changeOption B would keep PB29 and PB167 at Kemptown ES and that would be what's best for those planning
blocks and the students in those blocks.When I look at the estimated numbers of students in the ES in 2028, Option B offers a more balanced distribution of students.  This should contribute to a longer period of time without redistricting.  Because
redistricting is a cost to the county and stressful to the community, delaying it has important advantages.This keeps Kemptown together.Keeps children in my neighborhood in the same ES as today.Keeping the number of children at about the same as the current amount.  This ultimately means keeping
many of the wonderful teachers my children have had.I like option B because it keeps the kids from PB29 at Kemptown.The only thing I like is that PB 29 and 167 remain at Kemptown.
I am in PB 179 and I absolutely HATE this option. I do not understand why PB 9 was split into 2 planning blocks. PB 9 contains the Manorwood community. Across Penn Shop road in PB 179 there are 3 homes that are part of the Manorwood community. Some of these homes contain kids that currently attend Kemptown. I do not think it makes any sense that 3 homes from a planned community would be isolated from their neighborhood in regards to the elementary school. These families go to the same community pool and participate in the same community events as the rest of Manorwood. It does not seem fair to segregate them from their own community. I also do not like that there are only a small number of kids impacted by moving PB 179. It equates to ~ 6 kids per class. Considering that Kemptown and Twin Ridge are similar in capacity, I do not think that this change is worth the impact it will have on our children. Is it really worth it to uproot such a small number of kids. I do NOT see any benefit in this situation. I also do not like that the feeder patter puts PB 179 at Urbana for the high school option B. This means that the kids would go to Twin Ridge for ES. All of the Twin Ridge kids would go to Linganore and ONLY the children from PB179 that attend twin ridge would end up at Urbana.It keeps PB29 (Windsor Knolls) together with the rest of Kemptown Elementary.This option is pulling ONLY 38 elementary students to TRES.  This separates them from KES students, to only then place them back together at WKMS, and then further separates them once again by taking them to LHS.  The majority of children at WKMS go to UHS, but these 38 children will be split twice from their classmates.  It is a detriment to these children to split them twice.  Please consider leaving KES boundaries
as is, and allowing UES and TRES the ability to grow.Planning blocks 167 and 29 stay within the Kemptown ES boundary. However, in Option B:  If we follow PB179 (38 elementary students) all the way through the plan, they are taking them out of KES to send them to TRES, an unnecessary move. Then, it moves KES and TRES students to WKMS, and finally when it goes to HS, only PB179 from TRES will go to UHS; the rest of TRES will go to LHS. Using a grade level example there would be 6 kids that we move to TRES; they go to WKMS (this is the same as if they just stay in KES), and then those 6 kids leave everyone in TRES to go to UHS. This impact is higher for kids who never started at KES, for they would be leaving the kids they've gone to school with for 9 years to go to a HS with kids they've only known for 3 years. If they are left with KES, they would stay with the same kids all the way through ES, MS, and HS. Additionally, in Option B, PB9 was split into PB9 and PB179.  This has created a separation in the Manorwood neighborhood, which will result in kids within the same planned community
at different schools for elementary school (KES and TRES).Option B is a step in the right direction, but unnecessarily moves PB179 from KES to TRES. Neither KES nor
TRES are expected to experience significant growth so it makes no sense to remove students from KES.It does not move our current neighborhood, (but this may not be what is best for the county.)This option makes sense.  It keeps the kids of Kemptown at their local school.1. Planning blocks 167 and 29 stay within the Kemptown ES boundary: Better Enrollment/Utilization at KES and Less Burden on UES
Thus, the KES enrollment does not plummet 31%, and Urbana's already overcrowded schools are notA little less kids, less relationships disrupted than APlanning blocks 167 and 29 stay within the Kemptown ES boundary: Better Enrollment/Utilization at KES and Less Burden on UES
Thus, the KES enrollment does not plummet 31%, and Urbana&#39;s already overcrowded schools are not burdened by an additional 126 students. Urbana&#39;s enrollment numbers are notoriously incorrect, projected to be lower than they are. As the numbers stand, Urbana&#39;s equated
enrollment is at 103%. Why add students outside of the Urbana community to the UrbanaMy neighborhood remains at KES.It keeps PB29 and PB167 at Kemptown, which has plenty of capacity and is not overcrowded.
It eliminates the double split feeder pattern for PB29 and PB167My children will continue to to KES.It keeps Windsor Knolls (PB29) and Loch Haven (PB167) at Kemptown ES, their current feeder pattern. Kemptown is much closer than Urbana ES and Kemptown is not overcrowded.  There is no reason to move them.  Also, Option B eliminates the double split feeder pattern that PB29 and PB167 have to undergo in
Option A.This option makes sense for the kids of PB29; it keeps them at Kemptown.My schools don't changeMy schools don't changeOther Thoughts and Observations about Elementary DRAFT Option A and/or BOther Thoughts and Observations about Elementary DRAFT Option A and/or BWhat do you like about Elementary School DRAFT Option B?I live in Westwinds - new elementary school or existing NMES are both reasonable in terms of busing.Nothing!!!! My son has 2 years left an NMES, option A takes him to Twin Ridge. We bought our house to go
to NMES.This will be very disruptive to our family.There would be no change to our students, we would stay at NMES where we have been extremely pleased
with the teachers and administration. Our students will stay with most of their current friends.Hate it!That my kids stay at NMESI like that it allows for continuity of feeder patternWest Winds should stay at NMESA new elementary school would be nice especially since it ends up at LHS. We live in West Winds.Best option for ES.  I like that schools are feeding into 1 MS (not a must for me, for a plus) and it has the best
overall relief of ES.Zero. I am surprised and offput that this option was never an option, until this meeting. It is possible I missed this. This options causes my children to move elementary schools halfway through their time at their current elementary school. I recognize this is the nature's of the beast and can happen to anyone during this
restrictive. However it seems this option snuck in late.  And places twin ridge at over capacity.I don't like any part of itThe bus ride is shorter for the elementary routeDon't like Option A - we chose our house based on the schools our child would attend. We are very against changing schools in 3rd grade. We may also lose our daycare provider based on the change. That's a lot of
change in a single year and is not healthy.Stay at current schools and closest schoolsOption A keeps Westwinds (PB146) in the NMES/NMMS/LHS schools. Shorter distances to schools for
parents / teen drivers / buses and safer routes.There is too much on the interactive map for me to clearly understand what will take place with my kids.
Parents need a less complicated version. I tried to search by my address but was unable to enter it.No change of school for my childKeeps my daughter in the same feeder program as her friends,  minimizing changesLove it! Keeps my daughter at NMES and retains the current sensible "established feeder pattern" of NMES-
-> NMMS--> Linganore HS for PB 146, which is one of your redistricting criteria. Keeps our established ties with the New Market community with moms groups, extracurriculars, Girl Scouts, etc., which fulfills your
other stated redistricting criteria of "Impact on neighborhoods and communities"I don't have strong feelings.It is same as before and so no commentsdo not like option A at allNo opinionKeeps Westwinds with New Market Elementary - No additional redistrictingCurrently in NMES district, but attend TRES out of district - makes so much more sense to have the children
over in Mt Airy attend the school in Mt AiryI like this option the best.  It makes the most sense in regards to keeping students who live close to each
other to be in the same school.Proximity to school.That it helps new market numbersNothingI don't like it.  My child would have to switch schools.  She is a foster child that has been through enough
trauma and change in her short life already she doesn't need this change .I don't think option a is good because it moves more students than necessary to twin ridge elementary - going up to 102 % capacity the first year. Also, option a shows that projected enrollment by 2025 will have 4
schools over populated again with one school all the way up to 125%I dont like it because it would change our ES from NMES to TRES.  I have a soon to be 2nd grade foster daughter who we are going to be adopting this year and she has been through too much trauma this past year and changing schools again will have a detrimental impact on her and cause additional and unnecessary trauma.  This is a child who is having severe struggles with making connections and if she
were to change schools it will be a major issue for her.  We live at 6113 Woodville Road.  Please keep us in New Market Elementary School and go with option B.WestWinds children remain in the current feeder patternBeing part of a straight feeder system to middle school might be nice, but filling the East County Elementary
with kids from the northern part of Lake Linganore makes the most sense to me.Please go with option BOption B PLEASE !!!!!!!!Best optionWith option A the elementary kids from twin ridge will be split at middle school which is not favorable.
Option B allows the kids on our street to stay with the same group of kids at new market es and ms.My vote is for West Winds to stay at NMESWest Winds should stay at New Market ESEither scenery has my kids going to a good elementary school.  Both options send us to LHS which is our
main priority.  We live in West Winds.Option B is best!  I like that fact that SRES will be moving the pyramid program out, great choice to relieve
overcrowding for them.Prefer option AI think if Option B is chosen, some communication with Westwinds (PB146) residents needs to happen. It
would be the third time in less than 10 years that this community switches ES assignment...There is too much on the interactive map for me to clearly understand what will take place with my kids.
Parents need a less complicated version. I tried to search by my address but was unable to enter it.Either option is finePlease see above. Yes to Option A. No to Option B. Please adhere to your redistricting criteria.I would prefer the West Winds neighborhood continue w/the New Market to Linganore feeder system, but my youngest is nearly through New Market Elem so we will not be affect. However, the neighborhood
really is part of the New Market community, even if it's under the LLA umbrella.NoWe want Option BWith youth sports programs and other activities that cross elementary school borders, I'd be less concerned
about split elementary feeder patterns.Please do no re-district West Winds againI think that option A is the best option and does the most to plan for future population growth.Just that any further refinements be made public before final decisions and presentationsThe homes on Woodville Rd, silver Fern, & Jessie Smith have been there for 20-100 years.  Our homes did not cause the overpopulation problem the overdevelopment without the proper infrastructure did.  Also, our children don't live in a neighborhood when you shift them over to TRES (my daughter would be for 1 year & son 2 years) then send them back to NMMS it really makes it tough.  They will be outcasts coming into the school.  Then when they get home they won't have the outlet to decompress (go find friends in the neighborhood) we have to coordinate play dates which people don't do during the week for many reasons.  I think shifting the magnet program to TRES makes more sense since it's under capacity.  Also, their bus schedule will coincide better with the magnet program.  Personally, I think the program should be removed
completely but this isn't the forum.  I think it's pretty unfair that the rural kids get shifted... The 1st 3 options it wasn't even on the radar until apparently one of the new neighborhoods made a fuss.  It might seem juvenile but we've been here first, our homes are well established and we have been putting our money into
FC taxes much longer.  We should get a bigger vote.Option A is a bad plan because of the enrollment number of students and it causes over crowdingI dont like option A because it would change our ES from NMES to TRES.  I have a soon to be 2nd grade foster daughter who we are going to be adopting this year and she has been through too much trauma this past year and changing schools again will have a detrimental impact on her and cause additional and unnecessary trauma.  This is a child who is having severe struggles with making connections and if she
were to change schools it will be a major issue for her.  We live at 6113 Woodville Road.  Please keep us in New Market Elementary School and go with option B.Option A would require elementary students to separate at the transition to middle school, which is a
bummer.I am concerned about option A in regards to projected enrollment numbers.  Twin Ridge will be over capacity immediately, as too many students are moved to that school.  By 2021, option A has 4 schools with a projected enrollment of 100% or greater, with one school reaching 125%.
Also, my child will be moved from NMES in either 3rd or 4th grade to attend Twin Ridge.  She will then be at Twin Ridge for a few years and then will again be separated from classmates to return to New Market Middle School (with only 35% attending New Market and 65% attending Windsor Knolls).  Students who were moved from social groups will again have to leave their friends - this affects the same group of
students twice in a very short period of time.I live in Westwinds - new elementary school or existing NMES are both reasonable in terms of busing.We stay at our current school. Love this!We stay in the same schoolShorter bus ride to new ESLove it! Keeps our family in the same school.Jesse Smith Rd remains in the New Market Elementary district and feeds into New Market MiddleNothing. I don't want the new schoolDon't like itI don't like itThis works as well since my kids currently attend.All school below 100% utilizationThat my children do not have to move to a new school, a school that will be placed over capacity.My kids will stay at New Market Elementary SchoolMy kids don't have to change schoolsI like that our child wouldn't have to change schools.Nothing at allI like that PB146 retains NMMS / LHS. Shorter distances to schools for parents / teen drivers / buses and
safer routes.There is too much on the interactive map for me to clearly understand what will take place with my kids.
Parents need a less complicated version. I tried to search by my address but was unable to enter it.The new ES will be closer.New school would have brand new facilitiesNO TO OPTION B. Option B goes against your stated priorities of "established feeder patterns" and creates  a negative "impact on neighborhoods and communities." If Option B happens, my 1st grader at NMES will be forced to leave all her friends (that she just made since we are new here), from NM West and Orchard neighborhoods, to go to a brand new elementary school and make new friends with other Linganore neighborhoods, only to then be ripped away from them and put back with NMWest and Orchard kids when she goes to middle school. Any child psychologist will tell you that children need stability, especially at a
young age. This is the opposite of that.i don't have strong feelings.It is same as before and so no commentsOption B Would allow us to stay at our current school.
Our child will be in 5th grade that year, and he should not have to attend another school. Also we are car riders and we have a child in NMMS, so to go to another district for our ELEM school would be take the
children away from the current activities that they do together.No opinionI don't like this option for  West WindsI like that it works to keep students in urbana area in the current schools they are in.Don't like this option.That it helps New Market numbers and helps direct the areas likely for future development to the new school so we don't have the same issue in the near future. And the school is closer to the areas where people
live. Less geography for more numbers of kids.The rural children on Woodville Rd, Silver Fern, & Jessie Smith do not shift to Twin Ridge ES and stay at
New Market ES.My child would stay in her Elementary school that she has been in for two year and will be three by the time
you would implement these options.Love option B! Please keep us in NMES district.  As mentioned in previous question...I dont like option A because it would change our ES from NMES to TRES.  I have a soon to be 2nd grade foster daughter who we are going to be adopting this year and she has been through too much trauma this past year and changing schools again will have a detrimental impact on her and cause additional and unnecessary trauma.  This is a child who is having severe struggles with making connections and if she were to change schools it will be a major issue for her.  We live at 6113 Woodville Road.  Please keep us in New Market Elementary School and
go with option B.WestWinds children would go to new school1. Keeps projected enrollment numbers as low as possible until 2028 (the goal of redistricting)
2.  All elementary schools are below 100% capacity during the first year of redistricting (with the exception
of Liberty Elementary - which does not appear to change much in either option)We purchased our home based on the our kids going to NMES for the entirety of their elementary school years. We live in on Jesse Smith Road. Most of the kids effected by option A do not live in a neighborhood and will have a harder time making new friends at a new school. They don't live in a neighborhood and can come home from school and play with other kids. Option B is a must for the kids in the eastern area that are affected by this redistrict. Our homes have been here much longer then all the new construction that has created this redistrict. To move our kids to a new school is unfair and will effect them in a negative way. I
appreciate you reading my comments and taking them to heart.Nothing.  My daughter is at Oakdale and would have to change schools for 5th grade and again for 6th
grade.the students stay in the same middle and high schoolIt keeps more kids walking to Centerville than Option B, though less than currently can walk. And it doesn't
carve out an established neighborhood (Westwinds) from their current school.Frankly, I don't like A or B because they redistrict my location to SRESOakdale doesn't seem to be impacted too much, so we like that.NothingI like that it keeps PB63 in Oakdale ES, MS and HS. This is the current alignment which makes most sense as
we are the closes established neighborhood to all three schools.this option disrupts the least amount of studentsThe Spring Ridge neighborhood will stay together and the school is right in our development.Keeps our youngest with existing friends and school communitynanI guess it's fine that all of the kids from Spring Ridge will now go to the same schoolThat PB #63 remains in the Oakdale feederHow kids stay at the same schoolKeeps us at Oakdale highThat it keeps the same feeder schoolsNo change between current and option A. Also, option B is very similar to A.I like that all of Spring Ridge attends togethernothingAll Spring Ridge togetherNothingDoes not affect meDislike - you will switch my child who attends Oakdale ES to Spring Ridge ESnice to have spring ridge together and have attendance at SRES not over capacityNoneZeroNothingnothing, what happened to option 3?  We were Oakdale and now we are SRI like that my kids will stay at schools that are closest to our house. And that they will stay within same
feeder pattern.Keeps our neighborhood togetherIt keeps neighborhoods together and my neighborhood won't be redistricted. My neighborhood stays in the
current feeder pattern.keeping neighborhoods togetherSchools stay the sameThat we are staying in Oakdale feederI do not see any different in option a and b for oakdale elementary school.My children would maintain consistency in the Oakdale feeder pattern.Spring Ridge is the designated school for SR residents.I like that our neighborhood kids in Greenview will go to Oakdale for elementary.Keeps Spring Ridge together and lowers the attendance rate by moving the pyramid program.A and B are the same for us given our planning block (1).   Because of our planning block (1) we have absolutely no options to choose from.  While we currently attend Oakdale ES and love it, we think it make
sense to keep the Spring Ridge community attending the same elementary school.A and B are the same for us.   It makes sense to keep the Spring Ridge community attending the same
elementary school.It keeps Spring Ridge togetherMy daughter is at Oakdale and would have to change schools for 5th grade and again for 6th grade.
Children in this situation need to be grandfathered in to the school they are in.  Especially at that age.Both options seems strange around Urbana/Centerville/Sugarloaf. For instance, why doesn't PB 13 (and probably 17) go to Sugarloaf, which is closer and less utilized than Urbana? Similarly, for Option B, why move PB 144, 145, and 175 (and the sparsely populated PB 26 and 27) from the Centerville to Urbana?
A separate point on your projection data: Why does the projection of Oakdale Elementary change from
Option A to Option B? The boundaries are the same in both options...Frankly, I don't like A or B because they redistrict my location to SRESIt seems that Spring Ridge is always being disrupted.  Is it possible for the  houses off of Quinn Orchard to
go to Spring Ridge ES, since that school is closer to their neighborhoo.I think they both look to keep kids in a proper feeder system especially for MS and HS instead of splintering
off certain neighborhoods.No.Two prior options allowed PB1 to remain at OES and now that is not an option.noBoth drafts keep our neighborhood PB #63 in the oakdale feeder. This is the closest elementary school to our planning block/neighborhood and it would allow us to remain in the oakdale feeder vs switching our kids
back/forth between feeders.NoI think it is horrible because  we are going from an excellent elementary school to a school that is rated at a 6
and strugglingNoSpring Ridge is not as good a school as Oakdale.Our community was already effected by the last redistricting and yet again we are be forced to change
again.Would rather be at Oakdale all the way through being that we are around the corner from there.Does Not affect meDislike the fact that you're redistricting, yet splitting up the neighborhood of Spring Ridge again.
Additionally, you're likely moving my child out of Oakdale ES to Spring Ridge ES, thereby making her feel like a "new kid."Safety is my main concern. How are you going to keep all of the kids safe in an over capacity school with a
Level 4 behavior program on site.Keep school districts zoned as is and change as needed. Draft is a broken process working no where else
outside NYCI hate that my child is going to need to change schools when she is going in to 5th grade.Why is the back of spring ridge pulled out of oakdale but south of 144 all gets oakdale?  Even the new
neighborhood Tallyn Ridge gets oakdale and they are a lot further than usI would like my kids to stay at schools within the same feeder pattern and in schools that are closest to our
home.nanNew developments should HAVE to go to the under crowded school not the over crowded school!!!I prefer A but I like them both.Some students who are physically closer to Spring Ridge Elementary would be better served attending
there, with less bus time versus going all the way in to Oakdale Elementary.We are pleased that our planning block 63 is now staying in the Oakdale feeder for both optionsNoNot at this time since my kids aren't school aged yet but one of the main reasons we recently moved into the
neighborhood was for the Oakdale schools.Unfortunately, the redistricting process is inherently flawed because it only involves a portion of the county. This places immediate limitations on where students and communities can attend schools and where individual planning blocks can shift to; thus this process is less responsive to the population growth of the county.  For example, only addressing the portion of students attending TJ Middle residing east of the Monacacy River rather than all students attending, or who could attend, TJ Middle places severe limitations on options for shifting planning blocks to fully utilize TJ Middle.  I don't believe you can adequately or equitably address the redistricting needs of the county by doing a partial redistricting of the county.  We need to get this right.  We need full county redistricting.  It's better to take the time to get it right than to push through a partial attempt that gets it wrong for years to come and that is ultimately more costly.  The
question is, who is brave enough to do what's right?Only redistricting part of the county limits where students and communities can attend schools and where individual planning blocks can shift to.  You cannot address the needs of the county by only doing a partial
redistricting of the county.Utilization and FARM rates are too high for both. FARM rate (29%) is more than twice the average of all other ES.  A general comment is that the policy criteria are undefined and have no associated quantitative metrics except for the cost criteria which has not been shared with the public.  Has it been calculated?  I
hope so.Nothing.  My daughter is at Oakdale and would have to change schools for 5th grade and again for 6th
grade.the students stay in the same middle and high schoolMore even balance of utilization across the schools.Frankly, I don't like A or B because they redistrict my location to SRESOakdale doesn't seem to be impacted too much, so we like that.NothingI like that it keeps PB63 in Oakdale ES, MS and HS. This is the current alignment which makes most sense as
we are the closes established neighborhood to all three schools.Same as above.Keeps our youngest with existing friends and school communityThe pyramid program will be moved from SRESI guess it's fine that all of the kids from Spring Ridge will now go to the same schoolThat PB #63 remains in the Oakdale feederI don'tAs residents Meadows LLA, we would prefer to remain with the other established LLA villages (with the exception of West Winds, which due to its proximity to LHS is currently and would remain in the LHS
feeder). Please move Meadows and Balmoral back into the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B.Keeps us at oakdale highSame feeder school for my areaSee previous response.I like that all of Spring Ridge attends togethernothingsame as ANothingDoes not affect meDislike - you will switch my child who attends Oakdale ES to Spring Ridge ES and split up neighborhood
againnice to have spring ridge together and have attendance at SRES not over capacityI would like Option B to keep all Spring Ridge kids in neighborhood at the same school.Oakdale is close proximityZeroNothingNothing, what happened to option 3?Same as aboveKeeps our neighborhood togetherThe attendance stays down at OHS.My neighborhood stays in the current feeder pattern.keeping neighborhoods togetherThat we are staying in Oakdale FeederI do not see any different in option a and b for oakdale elementary schoolMy children would maintain consistency in the Oakdale feeder pattern.Spring Ridge is the option for SR residentsI like that our neighborhood kids in Greenview will go to Oakdale for elementary.Keeps Spring Ridge together and lowers the attendance rate by moving the pyramid program.A and B are the same for us given our planning block (1).   Because of our planning block (1) we have absolutely no options to choose from.While we currently attend Oakdale ES and love it, we think it make
sense to keep the Spring Ridge community attending the same elementary school.A and B are the same for us.   It makes sense to keep the Spring Ridge community attending the same
elementary school.It is virtually the same as Option AI like that the entire Spring Ridge community will be kept together at SRES.  This will strengthen
community relationships and unify studentsthat the entire neighborhood is together (Spring Ridge)Keeps our neighborhood (Springridge) togetherIn favorNoIt keeps our neighborhood together.Better utlization of Centreville and Twin Ridgenothey are the same for meSpring ridge should go to oak dale middle and high considering the proximityIn Option A it seems a little silly to keep Westwinds at New Market and not at the very close new ES planned right there.  And in Option A there is a neighborhood being split between Kemptown and Urbana
and Option B is much better for those families.I like that the entire Spring Ridge community will be kept together at SRES.  This will strengthen
community relationships and unify studentsthat the entire neighborhood is together (Spring Ridge)Same as 1In favorThe whole neighborhood going to the same elementary school and  keeps us part of the Lou community
that the children have always been apart of.YesIt keeps our neighborhood together.Divides less communities in the East County and Kemptown ES.It keeps future enrollment down at OHS.Changes our Middle Schoolno change for usNo opinion no changeI don't have anyone in Elementary School anymore so this is fine.This does not change anything for usKeeps current Twin Ridge students at the same schoolKeep twin Ridge together and fill schoolIt adds adjacent neighborhoods to our neighborhood.Nothing establishes a new split feeder that does not consider the small percentage of children impacted.
This is clear discrimination against children who live in the country.Stay at Twin RidgeKeep the same elementary schoolTwin RidgeNothingproximity to schoolnanI do not like the boundaries for most of the districts in this option at all.Option A helps my child from NOT riding a school bus for 45-60 minutes to travel 18 miles!NoNoneNoI prefer option B for ES b/c it keeps the class sizes a bit smaller at TRESBoth options add more kids to Twin Ridge, which I am not a fan of. The school is a good size now as it is.
Why not use 70 as the dividing line and send the kids on the other side of 70 to Green Valley?Both are good but have odd divides at the south end. Some kids who live directly next to each other would
go to different schools.Find a contractor who can deliver an option with no split feeder patterns. I have not seen one option that doesn't have a split feeder pattern. FCPS needs to consider the mental health of these children when already
having stresses of moving to middle school.Kemptown is not over capacity and every parent I speak to there says they do not want any change.  Leave
Kemptown's boundaries alone!Splitting children from their friends caused a unnecessary stresses in a already stressful time moving from
elementary to middle schoolThe increase in the TRES District is too drastic.Nothingno change for usNo opinion no changeI don't have anyone in elementary school so this one is fine.This does not change anything for usKeeps current Twin Ridge students at the same schoolSame as aboveAdds even more of the adjacent neighborhoods which will help promote friendships.This leaves twin ridge class togetherStay at Twin Ridgekeep same elementary schoolI prefer ES Option B.Twin ridgeKeeps twin ridge classes togethernannanI favor this option so more students can attend the new elementary school.Keeps things close to samekeeps our children. communities together with their friendsMy children remain in their school presently and seems to be distributed fairly and evenlyI prefer itit keeps all of urbana in one community , the foundation of the urbana community is One Team. We are one
and don't want to be separatedAIt keeps my community and our neighborhood children together. This is the main reason that we bought in
this community.Keeps everyone together!I like that it maximizes walkers and limits addition to school buses.It keeps Urbana togetherKeeps Urbana togetherPerfectFeel comfortable with the boundaries, as long as future enrollment has been considered for the large portion of Stone Barn still under construction. The students have been vastly underestimated when planning this
community, so I hope that has been accounted for.It keeps the feeder pattern in tactKeeping Urbana kids in Urbana schools.Centerville is less disrupted than with option BKeeps kids where they areI do not like Elementary School DRAFT Option AElementary options will not be affecting my son,  I do not have an opinion other than i like that all current
urbana students will remain in urbana schools.NeutralOption A keeps the entire Urbana community in Urbana schools, rather than separating a few rogue
families from their siblings and neighborsWe will be at Urbana elementaryThe Urbana students will be going to schools whithin the community.Its okay.nanit's the one that keeps my neighbors all together, apparently.  that matters.Absolutely NO for Option Aseems to keep neighborhoods togetherES Draft option A does not make senseI like that it keeps the same three schools district-ed the same that they are now.Keep Urbana area togetherStays mostly the same. Not as much driving to middle school.Maximize walkers and keeps community togetherThe children would keep the same schools as they have now; consistencyIt keeps my kids still in Urbana EScapacity relief for many elementary schools. Less impact on students. More walkers. CES and Sugarloaf are
used for VOU kids while surrounding areas go to UES.I like that option A provides capacity relief for many elementary schools while having less impact on students than Option B. I also like that it allows for more walkers. Finally I like that it divides residents of
VOUs between CES and Sugarloaf ES while having the areas surrounding VOU go to UES.AOption B leaves out 18 children in my community. This is ridiculousPick Option ANoOption B moves just 18 kids!  It seems incredibly unfair to those families and has a minuscule impact on the
overcrowdingNoPrefer the boundaries in Option AThese options don't speak to the magnet program...where is that?NoOnly Option B incorporated community's suggestion and we are in favor of that. Option A did not
considered community's responseStudents should walk to their closest school.Option A seems to be better for everyone in Urbana-particularly the absurdly tiny fraction of kids who
would be moved to Windsor Knolls from urbana MSBoth options have our child going to Sugarloaf Elementary which I am fine with.  Both options have the Urbana community going to schools within the community which is good.  Option B appears to have less children going to the three Urbana schools which is my preference.   My only concern is that I want to make sure there will be transportation available for the elementart school students so that they are not required to
cross any major intersections or roads.no thank youNeither option truly relieves middle school overcrowding.  I argue the projections are inaccurate especially
because people move here for the schools.nanOption A is just Initial concept 2, it only gives a temporary relief in the first year but did not solve the
problem of utilization in long run. Option B is a much better optionIf ES option A is in effect, not only Centerville ES will remain 100% utilization, but the projected growth will surpass the capacity in near future. This does not only apply to Centerville ES, but also Green Valley, Oakdale, Liberty and Urbana ES. For option B, not only the initial utilization of all schools are under 100%, but the projected growth in all ES are much milder than that in option A. The numbers in option B is just
way better.I like both options, although if I could pick I would select option A.NO for option A. Yes for option BHave you considered making Urbana elementary a primary school with k-3 and sugarloaf an intermediate with 4-6 to alleviate overcrowding at the middle school? Centerville could remain k-5. All 6th graders would go to sugarloaf and Urbana middle would be 7-8. Just a suggestion to alleviate the overcrowding at
the middle school level.I think both draft Option A and B are good plans. I like B slightly more as it appears to minimize the need
for more bus routes and spending.NoWe absolutely need sidewalks the ENTIRE length of Urbana Pike/old 355 as well as a traffic light at new
355/Lew Wallace. Thank you.In option B, I don't like that it impacts more students and that two elementary schools are split into two
middle schools.If ES option A is in effect, not only Centerville ES will remain 100% utilization, but the projected growth will surpass the capacity in near future. This does not only apply to Centerville ES, but also Green Valley, Oakdale, Liberty and Urbana ES. For option B, not only the initial utilization of all schools are under 100%, but the projected growth in all ES are much milder than that in option A. The numbers in option B is just
way better.I don't like that Option B impacts more students and that two elementary schools are split into two middle
schools.Same answerNothingDo not prefer itAI don't like itDislikeNothingNothingCenterville is less likely to need portable classrooms.I do not like itThe community's suggestion is being incorporated in Option B, we vote for this optionElementary options will not be affecting my son,  I do not have an opinion other than i like that all current
urbana students will remain in urbana schools.NeutralNothingThe Urbana students will be going to schools whithin the community and there appears to be less students
in these schools under option B.Not a fan.no opinion -have no kids in elementaryOption B is what the community have suggested and what we wanted!more "integration" of Villages of Urbana with outside neighborhoods. Sometimes very insular communities
aren't the best thing.I loved to see the very much needed relief to the Centerville ES, besides I like how you draw the ES
boundaries for the schools in the Urbana area. This is perfect, and nothing need to be change.I like it keeps the elementary and high schools the same.End up at Urbana High.Option B have the long term vision for FCPS long term development. I also like how boundaries being draw
that traffic flow inside the community is optimizedTrying to keep as many kids that live close to that school at that school.  Not reaching far away across the
neighborhood to bring other students to that school.Maximize walkers and keeps community togethernanDoesn't matter for usBetter utilization.There are less students from Urbana ES being feed to Windsor Knolls MSThe only positive thing I see in Option B is a better utilization of resources.YESI like itKeep Lake Linganore togetherextra half mile to a school with kids of a different neighborhood?  Option A has certain villages going to
certain schools which is neat in that it's at the expense of the kids from Kemptown who must then be bused over ten miles to go to school that will be overcrowded in two years.Nothing. Bought my house for the schools. We did extensive research before buying. Purposely didn't buy
in TRES district.ES, are both located in Urbana. All three schools are within a mile or a mile and a half from each
other. Whereas, the other students affected by Option A (students from four other schools including Kemptown Elementary) would be redistricted to a different school not within their community. Unlike the student populations in Urbana they face the challenges of a of a new school, as well as a new community! In addition, such a move also adds an earlier start time to their day if they are bused to Urbana. A larger school, being ripped from their social environment, and beginning their day earlier and more fatigued does not create an equitable learning environment for former KES students who will be adjusting socially, distracted by larger environments, and tired before their day begins.
. #2 Frequency of Redistricting; #7 Established Feeder Patterns; #8 Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities:
In summary, the Kemptown Community bears an unnecessary and undue redistricting burden under Option A. When one considers that the Kemptown community, which matriculates to WKMS, will be split between LHS and UHS, it is unjust to further split this community at the young elementary level as well. For, in Option A, some students will be plucked from  Kemptown Elementary School (where some will have attended for four years) and redistricted to Urbana Elementary School; then, they are removed from the Urbana Community back to their former KES community at Windsor Knolls Middle, only to be split a third time between
Linganore High School and Urbana High.Option B puts a tiny chunk of green Westwinds out of the purple zone that goes to NMES.  This rips current elementary schoolers out of their current feeder pattern to the new elementary school, and then back to the
Linganore feeder pattern in middle school.I prefer AB we want our kids togetherIt is not believed there has been any justification that the benefit of moving children from the current
Kemptown Elementary School District outweighs the cost to our children and community in either of these options.We have developed strong connections with many of the families in PB179 that are affected by these two proposals.  We would be devastated if these families could not continue to attend KES.  It does not make
sense to split up KES.  Please reconsider and implement Option B+ Leave KES alone!is complete.  Moving PB29 and PB167 is irresponsible with the expected growth in the UES district (136 undeveloped lots; 251 projected elementary students).  KES has no projected development and would better accommodate PB29 and PB167 to allow for growth at UES.
In Option A:  Per the FCPS 2019 Projected Enrollment, Kemptown Elementary School is projected to have 422 students enrolled.  Redistricting PB29 and PB167 to UES would remove 126 students from KES. Assuming equal distribution, that is approximately 21 children per grade (K-5) removed from KES.  For 1st grade current enrollment is 49 students. Future enrollment projection estimates a growth of 5 students, though this class size has remained at 49 students for 2 years now (Kindergarten and 1st grade).  Removing 21 students creates a class size of 33 students.  This is highly detrimental to their learning, as large class sizes is what we are trying to avoid in redistricting in the first place.  While this grade level example assumes equal division among grades with the removal of 126 KES students under Option A of the current proposal, it is possible that some grades may lose more children than others causing disproportionate class sizes.
In Option A, moving PB29 and PB167 to UES from KES is a grave mistake.  The projected 2020 enrollment at UES is 102%, one year after redistricting.  Moreover, the projected 2028 enrollment at 115%.  This escalation will likely result in future redistricting as the growth in the Urbana area increases.
Conversely, the projected enrollment at KES with its current 2018-2019 boundary remains below 91% into 2028 with projected enrollment from the June 2018 EFMP Study.  It is unclear why the drastic enrollment projection numbers were updated in the June 2019 EFMP Study, with no planned or future developments in the KES boundary and only 13 undeveloped single-family lots currently available.  The June 2019 EFMP predicts an additional 100 students over the course of the next ten years, while the 2018 EFMP Study predicts stead enrollment at or under the SRC for KES.  The KES enrollment averages between 70-80% over the course of 10 years with no steady or extreme growth with the current boundary in place (2018 EFMP Study).  There is no publicly documented proof, or explanation of the moderate to large growth the 2019 EFMP predicts in the KES district.
Option A does not provide KES students proximity to UES, the school to which they would be newly redistricted under Option A. In addition, the lack of proximity to UES creates more problems: earlier start times for KES students and longer bus runs.
The distance between Kemptown Elementary and PB29 and PB167 is approximately 4 miles, while the distance between PB29 and PB 167 and Urbana Elementary is 12 miles.  Elementary students (as young as 5) riding the bus would be required to start their day earlier.  Currently, the students are picked up at 8:15 a.m. The closest Urbana Elementary bus stop is currently on Fire Tower Lane (15 minutes from PB29), and their bus pickup is currently at 8:09 am. It is likely a bus pickup for PB29 would be close to 7:40 a.m. for elementary students (which is the time many middle school students in PB29 are walking to school).  In the winter, it is not light at 7:40 am, and this time much earlier than PB29s current bus pickup.  Placing elementary school children in the dark and at a middle school hour is irresponsible.  The early hour places KES students at another disadvantage to their new UES peers and undermines an equitable learning opportunity, as most will have been on the bus for more than double the time than if they had been permitted to stay at their neighborhood school. The run time and distance of busses would be greatly increased with this position, as Urbana Elementary school is the furthest elementary school in the Urbana High School feeder pattern from PB29.
Both Options lead to double split feeder patterns for PB29, PB167, and PB179.  In Option A, PB29 and PB167 split from elementary school (66% of the children split; socially isolating them from their peers) to middle school at WKMS, and then from WKMS between UHS and LHS.  In Option B, PB176 is the only UHS neighborhood to attend TRES.  From there TRES splits between NMMS and WKMS, then from WKMS to LHS and UHS.  This goes against the BOE policy 200 for limiting the number of splits within a given feeder pattern, and isolates the double splits to three PBs (PB29 and PB167 in Option A; PB179 in Option B).  It appears that PB29 and PB167 are being used as pawns to balance out the elementary to middle school feeder pattern split at the disadvantage of our children
In Option B:  If we follow PB179 (38 elementary students) all the way through the plan, they are taking them out of KES to send them to TRES, an unnecessary move. Then, it moves KES and TRES students to WKMS, and finally when it goes to HS, only PB179 from TRES will go to UHS; the rest of TRES will go to LHS.  Using a grade level example there would be 6 kids that we move to TRES; they go to WKMS (this is the same as if they just stay in KES), and then those 6 kids leave everyone in TRES to go to UHS. This impact is higher for kids who never started at KES, for they would be leaving the kids they've gone to school with for 9 years to go to a HS with kids they've only known for 3 years. If we leave them in with KES, they would stay with the same kids all the way through ES, MS, and HS.It is not believed there has been any justification that the benefit of moving children from the current
Kemptown Elementary School District outweighs the cost to our children and community in either of these options.It is not believed there has been any justification that the benefit of moving children from the current
Kemptown Elementary School District outweighs the cost to our children and community in either of these options.Option A removes kids from New Market ES that are not in large neighborhoods but instead in small outlying streets (such as those along woodville rd).  Therefore, for instance, my child who would then be a 2nd grader would be moved to a new school, twin ridge, with probably very few peers from her grade, based on the population selected.  It seems preferable to move large neighborhoods to schools so that at least the kids are moving a large population of peers together and will have each other.  I feel like my child will be one of very few 2nd graders moving into twin ridge, which would be a stressful situation.  It seems
to make more sense to move an entire neighborhood, where kids are friends, like West Winds to a school.It is not believed there has been any justification that the benefit of moving children from the current
Kemptown Elementary School District outweighs the cost to our children and community in either of these options.It is not believed there has been any justification that the benefit of moving children from the current
Kemptown Elementary School District outweighs the cost to our children and community in either of these options.Keep Lake Linganore together as a community.There is still a disconnect with driving patterns/options out of certain areas, traffic, available walking paths for the littlest kids, etc. Seems unusual that elementary kids on the far back side would be sent to a school that is not in line with the actual road or walking routes to get there. It appears factors were not considered to make the travel to school safe, timely and realistic. They pass not only the nearest ES, but two ES to get to Sugarloaf.  It doesn't impact me directly. Just think it's still a little odd for those families, and unsafe for the little kids to walk.
I would be curious if those involved in the studies have actually driven or walked these scenarios during school drop off/pick up hours and understand the traffic and lack of route options driving or walking in the community.
PB141 in Option A should be walked/driven during actual school start/end hours to understand my comment. They are forced into traffic for Centerville ES with limited options, only to be assigned to
Sugarloaf ES.Option B seems to only be impacting people who don't live in a neighborhood. This can't be a large number of kids. Getting home earlier for these kids will be harder on parents because their aren't neighbors to get them off the bus as in a neighborhood. Perhaps NMES shouldn't house the magnet program. This would
elimate many students who aren't district for the area. Perhaps TRES could house them?This option would allow for a Urbana Elementary School to grow, as the Urbana community grows.  It would keep Twin Ridge Elementary from becoming further overcrowded.  Additionally, this proposal does not skeletonize Kemptown Elementary School.
Table 3: Proposed Alternative Enrollment Projection for Kemptown Elementary 2018-2019 2018-2019 Projection Option B+ 2 classes 3 classes
Actual Class Sizes (no changes to KES) K 71 23/24/24 73 73 36/37 24/24/25
1st 49 24/25 70 70 35 23/23/24
2nd 73 24/24/25 54 54 27 18
3rd 62 20/21/21 74 74 37 24/25/25
4th 79 25/26/28 70 70 35 23/23/24
5th 71 23/23/25 81 81 40/41 27
a) The yellow highlighted cells are the current class room needs at KES with the projected 2019 enrollment
This option would allow for all of the feeder patterns to only have one split, while limiting overcrowding of heavily developed areas within this part of the county.NOnanPut our kemptown kids togetherKeeping most of the new market area together and what area is moved, is at least a large group of students,
who will be together.Option B puts West Winds in the new elementary school which seems to make sense as it puts a neighborhood with probably a declining elementary age population (based on the age of the neighborhood) together with the growing population of lake linganore at the new elementary school.  This will create a good balance as one population will most likely grow and the other will decrease.  Additionally, West
Winds is technically considered Lake Linganore (per HOA), so they should be included in that schooling area.Keep Lake Linganore togetherMy child would stay at NMES. We have fought hard this year to get my son what he needs through his IEP. Switching schools will affect his anxiety. This would cause hardship on my family.  TRES dismisses sooner
and I would not be able to get my son without childcare.  An expense we have not budgeted for.What do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option A?This is suitable adn will not overcrowd Windsor Knolls via Landsdale.No opinion. Same as before.Windsor Knolls makes the most sense for our neighborhood based on proximity.nanI like that the entire Spring Ridge community is being kept together for middle school.  However, I do not feel that GTJMS is the best option for Spring Ridge as there is a middle school (OMS) much closer.
Logistically, it makes more sense to send students to a school closer to their residence.LOVE IT! It keeps my children going to UMS as we live inside the Villages/Highlands of Urbana. Keeping Urbana kids in Urbana schools. Again LOVE that you heard our concerns to following the criteria that you outlined to establish the feeder patterns, proximity to schools, and omit multiple transitions for students! THANK YOU for hearing us and helping our kids stay in Urbana instead of being bussed 6 miles down the
road.No opinionNothing.  Spring Ridge is closer to OMS than TJMS.   Other new construction that is closer to TJMS is going to OMS.  Our children will be separated from middle school friends to accommodate new construction that
should be pulled to TJMS, not us.The neighborhood the meadows will go to the same school district instead of being separated from all their
previous class mates.no opinionI like that the neighborhoods aren't divided by streets to go to different middle schools.  I prefer and entire community or neighborhood go to the same school.  We are a very close community that rely on each other
for activities, carpools, family management.  I like that it allows for the current feeder pattern.It keeps our current feeder to Oakdale MS.continue to NOT support this option due to KES families being switched to UESKeeps Meadows / Balmoral with the rest of their communitymy children will be in the same school that they have started; my before and aftercare providers will be able
to still help my children, and they will not be psychologically stressIt keeps my girls in Oakdale MS, one of the main deciding factors on moving here.It keeps neighborhoods together and doesn't make travel too far for those in Mt. Airy who now will go to
New Market instead of all the way to Windsor KnollsWonderful - communities are kept together.  The outlines make sense with neighborhoods and homes. Option A is also the only option that keeps ALL students that currently attend the Urbana Elementary Schools and Middle Schools attending Urbana Middle.  This option shows that clearly the FCPS and Cropper have been listening to our voices.  I really appreciate this.  I appreciate the work that went into
creating these maps.Option A is better than Option B. Kids living near the south of the county boundary are assigned to the
Urbana MS, which is closer to where they live. And fewer kids are being affected in Option A than B.Children will be closest to their schoolIt keeps the neighborhoods of LL together, as they have been through elementary school.I live in Westwinds.  I want my kids to go to New Market Middle.  It is the closest school to my house and
most convenient.  Thanks for making this the only option.We stay in the same school. So I'm fine with it. It also opens up more housing choices by expanding into
Harrisville Road so that is nice.Excellent. Students in the Urbana neighborhoods are going to the middle school that is closest to them.  We
are keeping current Urbana students in Urbana.Stay in same schoolGreat!!!This is a good option.  There are minimal changes, only 55 students impacted, the change from Windsor
Knolls to New Market makes sense based on the distance and the numbers of students.no changeStays at NMMS, shorter bus ride than Oakdale MSIt keeps my kids with their friends at Oakdale where they belongThe Meadows and Balmoral are two closely linked neighborhoods within LLA that would be excluded from attending school in the same district as the rest of LLA that share Boyers Mill as the main entrance/exit to their villages.  Unlike West Winds, which already has an exclusive entrance/exit along Gas House Pike, and
also has their own covenants within the LLA, the Meadows and Balmoral should not be separated.Windsor Knolls makes sense, walking distanceStaying in the OMS feeder and not TJMSnanWhat do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option A?YESOption A keeps the Meadows in the Oakdale feeder pattern.It keeps Summerfield at Oakdale Middle School and not moved to New Market middle and then back to
Oakdale High school.This option is great.It keeps Urbana together.This option keeps Urbana Schools in Urbana.That my neighborhood is in the same school district.Keeps the neighborhood with their childhood friends.the students stay in the same middle and high schoolDecrease of 2 busesIt keeps the Eaglehead at Linganore boundaries intact.These options are the same for us either way, and I am fine with that.It keeps all the kids in our neighborhood within the neighborhood Middle schoolsThe lake Linganore community should be kept in the same Oakdale school districtDoesn't effect usproximityNo issues with option A, Keeps Urbana kids in Urbana SchoolsIt minimizes bus travel for Middle School students that go to Windsor Knolls Middle School.That it keeps all of Urbana Highlands and Villages of Urbana at UMS.The Meadows stays in Oakdale middle as promised and the community gets to stay togetherProximitySame as option AMy kids stay at Urbana.Helps keep the Linganore community together in the most consistent way.  By consistent, I mean in terms of
how the current patterns are set up.  It also is the least damaging to the relationships in the community.It would allow my children to continue on their paths at Oakdale MS and HighThe villages of Lake Linganore are together through middle and high school as they are now. It seems unfair to cut off one village from the rest. Like Woodridgge was disappointed, with the first round, it is disappointing to see that now the Meadow and Balmoral are split. This confuses me since Pinehurst and Summerfield are closer to NMMS. I would love to see villages stay together and at the closest location. if
things gave to be divided, it makes more sense to me to divide the new houses not the established.EverythingNot many students affected, and they end up going to a closer school.Meadows/Balmoral stay with the rest of the community.  This greatly impacts neighborhood friendships
and sense of unityKeeps more current kids together then BIt keeps all of the Centerville, Urbana and Sugarloaf students together for middle school. It is a more
inclusive model and is a positive for the urbana area.GReAT!!!!No opinion. It doesn't change for us.Best option, keeps our Lake Linganore Community together in same feeder pattern.Everything.  Lake Linganore villages would be kept together (minus west winds which has already voiced that they would like to stay in Linganore).  Community is important and I like that all the villages stay together. Being that our community is a lake community... people are hiking, swimming, and hanging out at the lake. It's important for the kids to have relationships with friends not only at school but also outside of
school. With the villages sticking together, this is better facilitatedFineNothingThe VOU is kept together and going to UMSOption A keeps him at the same Middle SchoolPerfect because it keeps my 3 children close to hone where they can bike or walk.Our Middle School Changes!Keep kids in the neighborhood in the same schoolnot applicable to my middle schoolerI don't think Option A does enough to alleviate overcrowding at UMS & OMS, especially as it' appears to be
pulling kids from NMMS into OMS.It keeps those closest to Urbana closeUpset twin ridge won't go to new market middleBoth plans seem like good optionsnanWhat do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option A?I like draft option A because it keeps my child in UMS with the only friends she has and knows. I think it is
unfair to have option B that only effects a few kids. Keep Urbana together.Keeps most of LLA togetherkeeps all of the Villages at UMSkeeps our children. communities together with their friendsOption A is great - keeps all Linganore kids that have been together since K together through high schoolKeeps the LL community togetherEVERYTHINGKeeps our kids togetherEVERYTHINGI am good with it. West winds should go to NMMSKeeping the community togetherI like option AKeep community togetherIt does not break apart lake Linganore. We have been here 12 years and have friends in all neighborhoods.Maintains a lot of the same feeder patternsThat West Winds stays at New Market ESWe are still at the same schoolsI like that this option keeps all of the Lake Linganore neighborhoods together. It is soooo important for these kiddos to stay together. Seems like there are less transitions for middle and high for the area. This is good since they will be making a transition in the elementary area.
This option has less kids moved for middle schools across the whole area.
This option keeps a larger portion of kids together for elementary, middle, and high.We are kept within Oakdale MS boundariesNo concerns as my kids stay at Urbana.It keeps my children at a safe walking distanceIt would be nice to have my child attend a school closer, so less bus time and a lot more  friends go to New
Market.Our kids are now kept in Urbana.  Thank you for making the change.Don't like it - it does not relieve enough pressure for Urbana MS.I don't prefer itIt keeps most of LL in the same schoolI like both of themVery consistent with neighborhood linesAcceptit keeps all Urbana students in UMS.Keeping Urbana Students within Urbana SchoolsI like this optionWindsor Knolls MS have an imbalance feeder pattern and not acceptableIt keeps our entire community together.Children will be closest to their schoolEstablishes a consistent feeder program from the elementary schoolsAgain that my son will stay with the friends he's made in the neighborhood and school. It's important to
keep this community together.Oakdale doesn't seem to be impacted too much, so we like that.It's perfect, my kids will continue going there and will feed into LHS.My kids will still be just down the roadIt keeps our neighborhood together which is important to us.  It also keeps us in closer proximity to school
to avoid longer bus rides.I like the option of keeping the kids together.That we stay at Oakdale with the rest of LLAnanDoes not overcrowd Windsor KnollsMy kids stay in the Oakdale district. Lake Linganore students are going to school together. Which is the
right option.Keeping the Lake Linganore kids togetherAcceptI like that most of the kids north of 70 in Mt Airy will go to NMMS instead of WKMSThat most of Lake Linganore villages will remain together.It keeps our kids (in lake Linganore) together and on track for Oakdale highschool.nanWhat do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option A?Keeps the community togetherKeeps LLA community together.it reduces the WK overcrowdingIt is fine.Reduces Windsor knolls class sizes for a longer time. Under capacity for longer timeAll of Lake Linganore goes to Middle and High School togetherBest fitSameI like that this option keeps the current existing Lake Linganore Community intact and allows students to continue in the feeder pattern in which they started without dividing the community, and relationships that
have been established for years.it keeps all of urbana in one community , the foundation of the urbana community is One Team. We are one
and don't want to be separatedIt is fine as it maintains the MS for which we are currently zoned.AIt keeps my community and our neighborhood children together. This is the main reason that we bought in
this community.Keeping the Urbana Community together and not splitting communities and those students from the environment and schools they've grown to trust. Thank you for considering the impact on our students, mentally and emotionally, and making the newly proposed changes. This option is so much better than
what was previously presented. Thank you.It keeps my children and all of their friends together in school, and helps maintain a sense of community.Keeps community togetherI do not like it because it is not the closest school to my neighborhood. Families that live closer to the TJMS on the south side of 144 are bused past my home to OMS while my kids are bused the opposite way past their neighborhood (tulip hill and those adjacent) to TJMS, this seems inefficient and more costly with
bussesKeeps everyone togetherNO NO NOI like that it does not exclude small pockets of children and send them to a middle school where they don't know most of the kids. I heard that ideal split is 50/50 with not going below 30/70. This option does not
support that for blocks in the SW part of the county (21, 14, 173, ,19, 11.)Keeps Urbana students in home school optionOakdale Middle is an excellent schoolKeeps Urbana togetherProximity.I like that my children would go to Urbana MS, which is close to home.My son will see his SS friends again.OkIt keeps Urbana as ONEKeeps kids togetherI like that it keeps all of Urbana together.NothingKeeping all Urbana kids at Urbana middle.Keeps all of Linganore neighborhoods togetherKeeps Urbana students together and allows parents to be more easily involved in their children's school,
since it is so close.It keeps the close knit neighborhood of Lake Linganore together.It keeps the feeder pattern intactKeeps Urbana togetherWe keep all urbana kids together.Keeping Urbana kids in Urbana schools.keeps my children together; the reason of moving to Urbanathe benefit of my childrenIt disrupts less (Urbana MS) family plans.MS remains Windsor Knolls for our communityRetains Oakdale MSNo opinion.This will change us from Windsor Knolls to New Market.  New Market is significantly closer to our home.This option is OKnanWhat do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option A?Proximity to our houseI like that it keeps all Urbana Kids in the schoolMy kids would still attend the same MS.I like that option A maintains community/neighborhood connections. Lake Linganore is an extremely tight knit community and carving out Meadows and Balmoral neighborhoods, aka planning blocks 154, 157 and 159 disrupts the community aspect many residents moved here for. Meadows and Balmoral are established, non-developer owned villages with no new large scale construction possible. Our student population doesn't have the potential for large growth. Please do not separate these students from their neighborhood
peers. Option A allows an entire development to stay together.We stay at the same walkable middle schoolIt is unfair and abusiveI do not like Middle School DRAFT Option AFineThe options have no impact on us.Keeps the heart of Lake Linganore togetherit keeps those kids previously in UMSI stay at Urbana MSKeeps my kids in a close school.Most of the Urbana kids stay in UMSI think option A minimizes the number of kids that will be at Windsor Knolls Middle School (if I am looking
at this correctly).Definitely like option A over B.It keeps all Urbana students together with the original boundary.I like that it keeps the kids who attended UMS in the same school.Again, it keeps my child with her current group of children and parents that's we've grown to know and
count on for support.West Winds neighborhood will move on to NMMS, those kids get to move up with friends they've gone to
NMES withIt keeps the feeder system as it currently is, making no changes for our current feeder system and not
dividing the community/village.I do not like this option as it doesn't do enough for the overcrowding.Keeping the kids residing in Urbana. I work 40 miles away. If my child misses the bus they could still walk
home. If we are bussed out of the neighborhood this would no longer be an option.All of Lake Linganore stay together.This keeps more of the community togetherNot affected.option A seems to be better for everyone in Urbana-particularly the absurdly tiny fraction of kids who
would be moved to Sugarloaf nearly 2 miles awayI prefer option BBoth options seem good, with option A slightly better than option B.no opinionGOODMy kids would go to NMMS instead of WKMS. We live near taylorsville. WKMS is way too far away.No opinion as neither A/B change the feeders for my area.A keeps my children at UMS. It follows the proximity to schools, establishing feeder patterns, student
demographics, impact on neighborhood communities.It's greatUrbana neighborhoods kept together!!!keeps neighborhood kids togetherWKMSI like itI like that some of the Twin Ridge ES community gets moved to a closer, under capacity school like New
Market MiddleThat we are kept with our community and friendsMaintain the same pattern for UMSI oppose MS Option AKeeping the neighborhood kids together.  Strongly want this optionLogical, manages overcrowding bestIt doesn't divide the neighborhood and keeps students close to schoolI wanted my child to go to Oakdale MS and both options are ok for that.nanWhat do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option A?I like that it keeps PB63 in Oakdale ES, MS and HS. This is the current alignment which makes most sense as we are the closes established neighborhood to all three schools. I also like that it keeps PB 63 in Oakdale MS
and HS rather than sending us all over the map for each transition.Option A is the best choice. I like that it has the least students impacted and decrease of 2 buses and lesses
the long drive for students who live further out from WKMS.Keeps everyone in the Urbana Planned Unit Development/Special Property Tax District (PUD) to stay in the Middle School.  This is the reason why many live in the PUD to stay in the neighborhood school rather than a adjoining neighborhood school.  Additionally this is one of the weighted factor in purchasing in the PUD and pay more in taxes.  This plan will not greatly affect the social aspect with the children by
separating their neighborhood friends within the Urbana PUD.Nothing is changing so not sure what to say about thiskeeps Balmoral in Oakdale MS districtKeeps neighborhood kids together and keeps them in the same feeder pattern. Great option.This option allows for our children to attend Oakdale MS, which was a large factor in building in
WoodridgeI like this option as it keeps my children with others kids in our community (Lake Linganore).Not impactedWill keep LLA community children in the same schools as their neighborhood friends! Better sense of
community. Please don't split these kids up.This option keeps all of Urbana and the students who live on Ijamsville road together for middle and high
school, the years that are often the most difficult socially and academically for our children.N/aThe kids out Woodville Rd go to New Market MSThis option has the least amount of changes for studentsAll of LLA, kids stay together.I want our neighborhood to stay together as in the proposalThe bus route is way to longSame it's fineThat my kids would have a shorter bus ride going to New Market Middle (which is closer to our house)I don't agree with MS Option A, utilization between schools are not balanced.Option A will keep my child with the people she knows from Urbana  Elementary schoolFewer students impactedKeeps the community togetherIt keeps the neighborhood kids togetherLeast disruptive and keeps current communities and students togetherNo opinion.I like the Middle School Option A  because again it has the least amount of impact on our strong community. This is important, because a sense of community helps neighborhoods work together and support each other. Dividing us at the elementary level is one thing but once your in Middle I think the
feeder pattern becomes more important.I want all of LL residents to stay together. I want my kids to go to school with their neighbors, and maintain
those relationships they formed in elementary school! :)Best option for my familyThe kids get to stay in the Urbana school systemThe Villages or Urbana and Urbana Highlands communities will be going to Urbana MS.Community stays togetherit keeps all Urbana students in UMS.transportation benefits, fewer buses, fewer students impacted than option B, limits bus travel on southern
part of Rt 355 which is increasingly difficult to cross during rush hoursupport - keeps with LLA communityMy children get to remain their current schools.It includes all of Urbana, keeping our community together.The Spring Ridge neighborhood will go to GTJMS, which is a smaller school.goodThe Lake Linganore neighborhoods (except for West Winds) stay in the Oakdale feeder, providing
continuity of the current feeder pattern and also no divisions within the community.Lake Linganore neighborhood stays togetherIt keeps Urbana together as a whole community at the middle school levelIt doesn't affect us, but the kids from the far north side of the feeder seem to be driving A LONG WAYS to
get to windsor knolls middle.nanWhat do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option A?We stay at Urbana MSDraft A Keeps a stronger community feel to affected neighborhoods, and presents a strong feeder patternKeeps child at NMESIts better than option b but you should have stuck with your original options.  This will not relieve
overcrowding at the school in the long term.I like A for those included in the Dixon Rd area. It's silly to cut off those 18 kids!Keeps children in the grades together from the neighborhood.  Does not adversely affect children by
changing their schools on them.Urbana area is going to Urbana Middle!It keeps all of the Lake Linganore Community within the OMS/OHS feederthe reason why I moved to Urbanayes pleaseThey do not impact us, but I'm happy for the families that they will help, Geographically.keep EVERYONE together!I'm neutral about the middle school optionsIt keeps us at same middle school that we are currently zoned forgoodI like that is maintains the current feeder pattern and does not divide the community.I like option A- because it includes the 13 middle school children that are in the 2 section with in 5 minutes
of the middle school.Includes all of MeadowsI'm happy that we remain in the proposed Urbana Middle area.no opinionnanMinimizes change for existing kids.Keeping the majority of Lake Linganore students together in Oakdale feeder.Noit doesn't needlessly alienate a small subset of my neighborhood to another school - peer group.I like that the utilization is lowest for Windsor Knolls MS and the greater number of students from Urbana
ES will go to Windsor Knolls MSMy brother and I are attending the same school districtKeeps our eldest with existing friends, school community, and youngest will get to go to same school which
creates a great community feelAbsolutely NO for Option AIt doesn't change the school we attend at all, so seems fine to me.Keeps the current boundaries; which make the most sense geographically and for the neighborhoodsStays the same - GoodNo opinionFewer students are being impacted in Option AKeeps us at OMSUnsureUnsureeverythingNo opinionI like that it allows for all of the Lake Linganore villages in Oakdale feeder to remain in Oakdale feeder.I like that all of lake linganore is together for option A (except West winds).I appreciate the efforts to keep communities together.  As Mr Cooper is quoted in the Frederick Post as assuring residents that "great effort will be made not to split up communities and if a community has to move, they move together".  This is crucial for the small part of Balmoral and Meadows who could
potentially leave their community wit the the Option in plan B.Not much.It maximizes adjacent areas of the Villages of Urbana going to the same school.Nothing that I like option AGood schoolNothing, I think bussing all of the kids from Spring Ridge 45 minutes to TJ middle is ridiculous when there
is a school 7 minutes awayGood schoolOption A keeps Westwinds (PB146) in the NMES/NMMS/LHS schools.nanWhat do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option A?I like that Middle School Draft Option A will keep our children at Oakdale Middle School. We moved to this
area, from out of state, specifically for the Oakdale Middle School system.There is too much on the interactive map for me to clearly understand what will take place with my kids.
Parents need a less complicated version. I tried to search by my address but was unable to enter it.love itKeeps Lansdale neighborhood together and at closest schoolnanKeeps all of the Urbana community in one middle school instead of fracturing off a small portion of the
community.  Shorter commute and or bus ride vs. WKMS.Great schools - keeps LLA more intactStudents in north part of Winsdor Knolls MS assigned to New Market MS, which is closer with a net
decrease on 2 school busses.No opinionI am for keeping option A.Does not change my child's middle school.NothingStudents in north part of Winsdor Knolls MS assigned to New Market MS, which is closer with a net decrease on 2 school busses.Students in north part of Winsdor Knolls MS assigned to New Market MS, which is closer with a net
decrease on 2 school busses.It seems to have a smaller population going to Windsor Knolls.Windsor KnollsNeighborhoods remain in the same feeder pattern (Oakdale) and are together.nanthis doesn't resolve the issue the UMS is currently having... why dont we ask the teachers for input on how they prefer to teach. Also with keeping the communities together.. yeah its all called Urbana but there are 3 sections... Village, Highland and new Stone Barn if you are going to leave 18 kids behind  and sent to
another school send us with a whole section not just 18 kids. Its easier to send 100 kids then just to move 18.nuetralThe Meadows should not be split from the rest of Lake Linganore. IOur children have already formed tight
bonds with all the areas of LL and should not be split upNothing split feeder patternsI vote Option A to keep everyone in Urbana.NOTHING.  It splits Twin Ridge kids, who are already on the outskirts of the county, between WK and NMMS.    The option for our students to ALL go to NMMS, which makes most sense distance-wise, was
dropped.   I HOPE this was not to cater to a few vocal parents in another district....I appreciate the efforts to keep communities together.  As Mr Cooper is quoted in the Frederick Post as assuring residents that "great effort will be made not to split up communities and if a community has to
move, they move together".That PB#63 remains in the Oakdale feeder for Elementary through HSI like that the Oakdale feeder within Lake Linganore is kept as is.Students in north part of Winsdor Knolls MS assigned to New Market MS, which is closer with a net
decrease on 2 school busses.No opinionIm good about that optionKeep Urbana togetherStudents in north part of Winsdor Knolls MS assigned to New Market MS, which is closer with a net
decrease on 2 school buses.It  impacts the least amount of children being moved around. It is half the amount of children being affected than in Option B. Option A keeps Lake Linganore together as a community. We are a very integrated community who has basically grown up in Deer Crossing Elementary and now Oakdale Middle School and High school. My son goes to oakdale MS and when he moved he relied on his friends from Deer Crossing so the Jump to middle school was much easier for him.
Oakdale Middle has a more balanced rate of utilization than option B at 73%
than in option B at 64% New Market has 83% in Option A and 88% in Option B. Only one school is being impacted and kids from Lake Linganore would have only to deal with one big change at the elementary
level which is disruptive enough.nanWhat do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option A?Option A allows family's & students within the Lake Linganore Association to remain together. This option reduces the amount of time students would spend commuting on a bus, allowing more time for after school activities, homework, and time spent with family and friends. While I am not personally impacted by either option, I'm strongly in favor of keeping residents of the LLA together. Residents within LLA pay a significant fee annually to live here and attend top rated schools. The families and children who live here attend events together and participate in recreational activities together, creating close relationships that
should not be separated.All the students in Villages of Urbana and Urbana Heights will be kept in Urbana MS. Therefore the Option A will make them feel they are still in a big family as they are currently enjoying. This is very important to
the community with about 3000 households.Nothing.With respect to the Lake Linganore area, I like Middle School Option A because of its consistency with
feeder patterns and keeping the community together.No opinionFewer students impactedI like option A at first glance because my feeder pattern would be unaffected and we would remain at our
current schoolsOption A most closely fits the current boundary.No opinionNothing to like -- splitting any school in the feeder program is not a good option.  This is an attempt to
correct the routing of TRES students to WKMS --  All of TRES should be feeding into NMMS.keeps Urbana together, fewest # of students impactedIt keeps the neighborhood that I currently live in (lake linganore meadows) in the oakdale school districtSame as above. All Lake Linganore is together in the Oakdale feeder pattern.nannanIt doesn't change for usIts the same as our current middle school and feeder school and it keeps the Lake Linganore community in
the same schoolsOption A would force Meadows/Balmoral to NMMS.  meadows and balmoral are th furthest neighborhood
from NMMSIt's horrible.  Why did you change the original 3 proposals?It separates our neighborhood friends from us.Same as elementaryOur feeder pattern remains the same.N/a no change from where we stand nownanStudents in north part of Winsdor Knolls MS assigned to New Market MS, which is closer with a
net decrease on 2 school busses.It minimizes the distance to the schools so kids can still walk if neededKeeps all of Urbana togetherI agree with itDoesn't change for usNo opinionIt keeps everyone togetherNothing.  You are sending our kids across town and other houses that have not been built yet are being sent
to the middle school that is 3 miles from our house .I like that it keeps the entire current Kemptown community attending WKMSIt keeps my family in our home school & it does a better job at keeping neighborhoods together.nanSee aboveThis option has no impact on me.With a child with a severe allergy, I won't be able to get to her in an emergency. It makes no sense to send kids to a middle school 30 minutes away when there is one 10 minutes away. It's also safer for the kids to be
transported by bus to a close school rather than one further away.is more geographically compactKeep Lake Linganore together as a communityKeep Lake Linganore together as a communityThis option keeps the Lake Linganore neighborhoods in the same middle school as they are now.everythingnanWhat do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option A?I like the MS option A for the same reason as stated above, I like how it keeps most of lake linganore villages
together in one school (Oakdale MS).NaI like that the Lake Linganore community stays together (minus West Winds which is already separate).No opinionThis option keeps the neighborhood together with the greater Urbana community.I like it because it keeps my community together and impact the least number of children. it also has a more
balanced enrollment utilization at all levels.I like that this version keeps the Lake Linganore community together as a whole and is my preferred option.Overall, it is good. I like the fact that it impacted less students.nothingIt keeps the villages at Urbana middle.No opinionKeeps current Kemptown students moving to WKMS togetherKids will be attending middle schools close to them.my children would attend Oakdale middle school keeping everyone in the lake linganore community at the
same school facilitating physical and social interactions with peersDo not likeIt's almost identical to current boundary lines and very similar to B.Going to New Market MS which is so much closer.We live in PB154 and we prefer this Option as it keeps our students at OMSEither option is favorableLove it as long as keep elementary school Option A. Keeps current feeder pattern of NMES--> NMMS-->
Linganore HS for PB 146.Less overcrowding, better distributionNoneSchool close to home. No change.I like this option as it allows my son to continue with his classmates into middle school.okI don't like either plan.  Twin Ridge students north of I-70 should be routed to New Market.That is makes our community whole again.My schools don't changeIt is same as before and so no commentsstay in UMIncludes Meadows OMSGoing to the nearest school!No opinionno commentsI prefer MS Option A.  Even though I don't like the idea of splitting up Twin Ridge students when they go to middle school, I don't think FCPS is properly accounting for just how many students will be at Windsor Knolls Middle School in the years to come.  Landsdale is growing so fast and option B for MS puts too many additional students at Windsor Knolls when combined with other growth at places like Landsdale, say in 8
or more years.  FCPS is not looking far enough into the future!Finenothing,Keeps West Winds with New Market Middle -- No additional redistrictingI like option A because my kids will stay with a larger group of kids from elementary.  Option B, they
would go to middle with kids from other elementries.None of the options change our current district - however, Option A includes more classmates with my son
that will go to the same middle school - that is a personal preference, not necessarily an overall opinionI like that it takes more students to New Market Middle from the top of the county instead of Windser
Knolls.That all of the children in the Villages will stay together and my child can walk safely to school.Maximize walkersChildren would stay in the same school.nothingDoes not affectNothingProximity, Maintaining Same School feeder, entire development includedNothingnanWhat do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option A?West Winds continues to go to NMMSIt keeps my kids at Urbana MsIt keeps the Urbana residence children together and attending Urbana Middle school where most of them
can walk.Keeps the existing UMS community together.DislikeDon't like this option.There is nothing I like about this option to keep all UMS students in an overcrowded facility.Keeps my children at the same schoolThe fact that UMS is not longer split is an advantage, although it does not provide relief to UMS it does meet the needs of that community.  Further, moving those students in the northern most area to New Market would allow those students to form friendships with students they will attend HS with earlier and
that is a positive.Keeps the part of Lake Linganore that go to OMS still at OMSThat PB154, 157, and 159 will continue to go to Oakdale Middle School.Like itlove itNo change for mePreserves feeder patternNoneWe go to Windsor knollsA keeps Urbana togetherZeroNo opinionwon't have middle school agesI like that only 55 students are impacted.New market middleNothingIt keeps Lake Linganore kids together at the same school.Students in north part of Winsdor Knolls MS assigned to New Market MS, which is closer with a net
decrease on 2 school bussesNoKeeps us at Urbana MS - very happy about that!Don't like it.Meets the following criteria: keeps communities together and proximity of schools.The plans seem to be more logical at all levels. No preference on either.Same as currentSame as above    we all stay together.  It's essential for these kids to have familiar faces surrounding
them   they will be stressed enough starting a new school. Option B does not solve overcrowding with
meadows/balmoral. The new villages yet to be built need to be separated from the meadows/balmoral neighborhoods   my sons bus would have to drive right by other neighborhoods that are closer to the
schools he would have to go to   makes no sense.That it does not create a split feeder at the elementary level like option B.Fine that it is WKMSnothing.  want OakdaleThe students at WKMS that cone from my airy should go to new market.Good (oakdale for all 3 schools)It keeps our neighborhood togetherNothingN/A, we stay the same.I am glad that my kids can go to UMSAll of the communities that border the lake and summer field stay together in Lake LinganoreThat Urbana students stay in UrbanaLeast number of students impacted out of the two options  at a time that is critical for kids. Decreases the
number of buses by two which is very important for our environment.It makes no changes to our current districtKeeping Linganore kids together at Oakdale schoolsDoesn't make sense to split Meadows from rest of linganore.  Oakdale middle is highly rated and part of
reason people come to meadowsIt keeps our neighborhood together.nanWhat do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option A?It keeps neighborhoods together and my neighborhood won't be redistricted. My neighborhood stays in the
current feeder pattern.Neighborhood consistencyNo opinionNo commentthis is consistent with the current zomingFor my street A & B would be the sameThat all of Lake Linganore would go to OMS and not be split to NMMS.  Also that NMMS and WKMS have
a more compact feeder area.Fantastic job here trying to keep neighborhoods together.  The middle schools in questions here will truly be
community schools.That current KES students will attend WKMSWe will stay in urbana middle schoolGood. No change for my kidNot happyNo real opinionClose to our house. Good teachers and safe environment. My boy is going to school with his after school
friends from Urbana.Maintains OHS feeder pattern within Lake LinganoreThe Meadows/Balmoral neighborhood stays with their community and the new elementary school is not
split at the middle school level.I like that it keeps west winds in new Market.NothingImprovement from previous options.I like that all of green valley goes to windsor knolls and kids are not split into different schoolsProposed boundaries closest to current boundaries. Keeps most of community the same.No opinionI like the idea since our kids can stay at the same school in the Villages of  Urbana. No bus pickup/drop-off will cause a lot of traffic going on in the neighborhood & the safety concerns to more students who walk to
school everyday then.That we are in the Oakdale feederproximity to school: distance from home to school is better than option B; feeder pattern makes more sense
based on our home addressN/aProximity, friends stay in same school, already got adjusted in 6th grade. Good to continue in same
environment.GoodMy children would maintain consistency in the Oakdale feeder pattern.Nothing, it has my child switching middle schools in the middle of his MS CareerKeeps things as is for MSI like that with Option A, the least number of students are impacted out of the two options. Going to middle school is a critical time in a child's life and we should mitigate external factors making the transition even harder. I also like that it decreases the number of buses by two which is very important for our
environment.Keeps the lake linganore community togethernanThis option keeps us at our current middle school.No opinionOption A is better for our community as a whole. Last redistricting our neighborhood was split. We have worked really hard to work around the effects of that. This option places further pressure on our community without accomplishing an impactful difference in the over crowding at Oakdale Middle. It does
not accomplish what the board has placed as important in redistricting.Thank you for coming up with a solution that the VOU and Highlands stay at  UMS.  It worksNothingI have no major concerns about this option.I like that it keeps the villages of Meadows and Balmoral in the Oakdale High School feeder pattern and
keeps the Westwinds village where they want to be.It keeps WestWinds in the current feeder pattern with closest schoolsMy children can walk to schoolGoodnanWhat do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option A?I believe I prefer option BI like that the students from PB 29 and 167 are mapped to the MS in their neighborhood along with the other
students in their neighborhood.I like that our neighborhood kids in Greenview will go to Oakdale for middle school with their friends from
ES.My son stays in same schoolWindsor Knolls MS attendance area makes sense with the upper portion of the current area moving out of
the boundary area, transportation-wise and facility-wise.This is our top choice since it keeps the Meadows together with the rest of lake linganore. We really appreciate the opportunity to provide feedback and express our opinions. Keeping neighborhoods together is one of the most important factors during this process. Option A keeps most all of lake linganore together
and provides continuity as children development from middle to high school.Lower enrollment projection for Windsor KnollsThat it maintains existing feeder patterns and keeps our community together as a whole.I like that my children and all of the children of Urbana will stay in Urbana as opposed to going farther
down the road to Windsor Knolls.No opinionNothing.  We don't feel that it makes sense for our planning block (1) to attend TJ Middle while other planning blocks (62, 100, 74) which are closer to TJ Middle attend Oakdale Middle.  We live 5 minutes from
Oakdale Middle and 15 minutes from TJ Middle.It does not make sense for our planning block to attend TJ Middle while other planning blocks which are
closer to TJ Middle attend Oakdale Middle.  We live much closer to Oakdale Middle than TJ Middle.This option fits within the established feeder pattern of Deer Crossing/East County to OMS to OHS. It
would keep the established community together.I don't like it. TJMS is too far from SR and doesn't give SR a good feeder pattern.   Children will spend a substantial amount of time on the bus commuting into a high traffic area - not good for many reasons. Oakdale MS is significantly closer by a factor of two.
The study is flawed because the entire TJMS district is not being considered in the study.Option A keeps all planning blocks in the Lake Linganore community feeding into OMS and then OHS
together, rather than removing approximately 100 students at each school level from PBs  154, 157, and 159.Option A is my preferred choiceAs far as I can tell Option A changes nothing. So, since I am presently happy with the current arrangement, I
have no complaints.Breaking up the Meadows and Balmoral into the LHS feeder seems short sighted.My child will go to WKMSNothingdon't like itLike it; not much change.Option A keeps the established and existing Lake Linganore villages that attend Oakdale MS together.I favor this option so WKMS doesn't over-extend into Oakdale and Urbana.It keeps the entire Villages of Urbana together at the same school. THIS is the proper and appropriate way
to redistrict. Not diving a street or excluding a small section of a huge neighborhood.No opinionnannanWhat do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option B?Stinks. Too large a zone.No opinion. Same as before.Windsor Knolls makes the most sense for our neighborhood based on proximity.nanI like that the entire Spring Ridge community is being kept together for middle school.  However, I do not feel that GTJMS is the best option for Spring Ridge as there is a middle school (OMS) much closer.
Logistically, it makes more sense to send students to a school closer to their residence.LOVE IT! It keeps my kids (PB143) in Urbana Middle. It shows that you listened, cared about keeping
school consistency in a middle schoolers life. THANK YOU!Keeps us in the same middle schoolNo opinionNothing.  Spring Ridge is closer to OMS than TJMS.   Other new construction that is closer to TJMS is going to OMS.  Our children will be separated from middle school friends to accommodate new construction that
should be pulled to TJMS, not us.We do not like option B. It separates the neighborhood making it so our children will be separated from
children they previously went to school with.no opinionI do not like draft option B.  It divides the back of one neighborhood, literally a few streets, to a different
middle school than the rest of the entire community.It keeps our current feeder to Oakdale MS.support this option bc it keeps WKMS for most of KESNothing     you can't separate out one small neighborhood from the rest of the community.  It would be
absolutely terrible for the kids in the Meadows and Balmoralmy children will be in the same school that they have started; my before and aftercare providers will be able
to still help my children, and they will not be psychologically stressI don't like it.It relieves overcrowding at Oakdale, even if my kid will end up @ New Market I am ok with this.  Better for
all kids.I do not like this option as much.  The border for Windsor Knolls coming all the way down to the west does
not make as much sense as the the option A map.Option B is not optimal. Kids living near the south of the county boundary would need to take bus (a
relatively long trip) to the Windsor Knolls MS.  More kids are being affected in Option B.NothingNOTHINGI live in Westwinds.  I want my kids to go to New Market Middle.  It is the closest school to my house and
most convenient.  Thanks for making this the only option.We stay in the same school.This option is ok, although the students that are living on the bottom of the county would be traveling very
far to go to Windsor Knolls (currently they are in Urbana Middle).Stay in same schoolBetter split of WKMS kids into HSNothing!!!This optionno changeStays at NMMS, shorter bus ride than Oakdale MSIt's terrible, I don't want my kids split and sent to a different school than we have always plannedWindsor Knolls makes sense, walking distanceStaying in the OMS feeder and not TJMSNOIt keeps Summerfield at Oakdale Middle School and not moved to New Market middle and then back to
Oakdale High school.It keeps Urbana together PLUS is has a lower utilization rate (i.e. not as overcrowded).I do not like how Urbana elementary school is divided into two middle schools.Nothingthe students stay in the same middle and high schoolOakdale ms capacity relief- it needs it!!These options are the same for us either way, and I am fine with that.It keeps all the kids in our neighborhood within the neighborhood Middle schoolsnanWhat do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option B?proximityNo issues with option A, Keeps Urbana kids in Urbana SchoolsIt keeps Urbana more unified.It keeps the 2 Urbana neighborhoods at UMS, and is a slightly smaller feeder area which will help reduce
any overcrowding at UMS.Option B is awful. There should be no splitting of the lake Linganore communitySame as A optionSame as option AMy side stay at Urbana.0More even distribution of utilization, especially considering projected growth areas.Do not likeI don't like it, it cuts off/alienates  a small number of kids and sends them to a new schoolI do not like Draft option B.NOTHiNG!! This splits up linganore community!!!!No opinion. It doesn't change for us.Do not likeDon't like itFineThe VOU is kept together and going to UMS.Option B keeps him at the same MSIt keeps all my kids close to home where they can bike or walk to schoolNothingKeep kids in the neighborhood in the same schoolnot applicable to my middle schoolerOption B is the better option of the two presented to help with overcrowding at UMS & OMS.Upset twin ridge won't go to new market middleNothingNothingKeeps all of the Villages at UMSNothingNothingEVERYTHINGEVERYTHINGNaIt seems detrimental to the community to send a small sliver to a different MS and HSaround 270 south of county line should goes to Urbana MSNothingNothingSeems a little more disruptive than AI don't like it!Same schoolsI oppose this plan.I do not like option BNo concerns as my kids stay at Urbana which is walking distance from my home.Both options are fine as they keep my children at a safe walking distance.I like Windsor Knolls so I would be fine with staying at the school.Our kids are now kept in Urbana.  Thank you for making the change.It will relieve some pressure for Urbana MS.I like that it reaches further north.I like both of themNothing. Chops off in the middle of a neighborhoods.Do not acceptit keeps all Urbana students in UMS.Keeping Urbana Students within Urbana SchoolsI do not like this optionIt account for the foretasted projection , education welfare increasedIt separates our community.NothingnanWhat do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option B?NothingOakdale doesn't seem to be impacted too much, so we like that.It's perfect, my kids will continue going there and will feed into LHS.My kids will still be just down the roadI don't like it at all.  It breaks up our community and would isolate those in my neighborhood from the rest
of the community.I do not like splitting the kids.NothingnanOvercrowds Windsor Knolls at an early time; I would rather not have the middle school over capacityI like nothing about plan B. Lake Linganore students should be together.Nothing, it breaks up our neighborhoodDo not acceptNothing!Hate itNothingIt is fine.NothingI don't like it.It keeps the Linganore pattern together. Best choice in my opinion.Terrible. My children have to move schools and the bus routes while already lengthy even more. Also they
are removed from their known peers to goto a school where they will know few children.NoneI have a positive opinion of the communities feeding into this school that my children would be redistricted
to.It is fine as it maintains the MS for which we are currently zoned.I don't like itAbsolutely nothing.This is a terrible option, and whomever thought it up should be ashamed of themselves.noneDislikeEverything ! Thumbs up FCPSNothingNothingI like that my children would go to Urbana MS which is close to home.My son will see his SS friends again.Doesn't change anything for us.Option B is ridiculous, sending just 18 Urbana students to WKMS.  That won't relieve overcrowding, it will just isolate a small group of students from all their friends during the difficult and formative Middle school
years.I do not like option B.NothingNothing.nothingI do not like Option B because it excludes a small portion of Lake Linganore from the Meadows.  We are talking about 110 middle school students.  It is more important to my family that the lake community sticks
together.It excludes a handful of families from continuing to be one Urbana and sends them to Windsor KnollsI don't like option bnothingnoIt keeps the (Urbana) school size more reasonable in the future.MS remains Windsor Knolls for our communityDid not review as has little to no impact on my familyNo opinion.more peers will move to middle school from elementary with my kidsI dontThis option is OKNothingnanWhat do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option B?I don't like that is moves 18 kids from UrbanaMy kids would still attend the same MS.I do not like anything about it.We stay at same walkable middle schoolNothing, it singles out Landsdale and force our kids to go to a HS that is farther away.Urbana MS got long term capacity reliefFineThe options have no impact on us.It would be fine if you remembered to add Balmoral and Meadows to stay with the rest of their community
of Lake Linganore.  It would be detrimental to keep the entire community together except our few streets.geographically it puts those kids closer to WKMS versus UMSI stay at Urbana MSKeeps my kids in a close school.From the presentation I believe Option B provides some capacity relief to the MS.I like that some kids from the other side of 270 and the Urbana area would come to WKMS.  Again, I am a huge advocate for maximizing the number of kids at WKMS that will go to Urbana HS - because right now, the split is very skewed towards Linganore.  I am not sure I feel that the folks out on the other side of 70 (PB82) need to come to WKMS.  I feel that this is a huge commute for them and, since they will go to
Linganore HS, there is really no need to send them closer to Urbana than the Linganore feeder areas.I am in planning block 21 and will have a 5th grader when this takes place. Moving a large non populated area with few children in planning blocks  21, 14, 19, 11 and newly created blocks 174 and 173 is affecting a minimal amount of kids .  Matt Cropper stated at the beginning of this process, to me personally, that moving that insignificant amount would never happen.  That hundreds needed to be moved to make an impact.   There is no good reason to move less than 20 kids to WKMS with a 30% return back to UHS.  Are you thinking of these kids who have been in Urbana Elementary for years and then have them sent to another school with no friends only to return to UHS with newly made friends going back to Linganore. And just the stretch across the whole county is a bit crazy.  While I understand and appreciate the need for
redistricting, moving less than 20 impacts the kids MORE than it will impact overcrowding.Nothing...it seems the VOU and Highlands rallied to keep their kids together but 18 of us on the south/east
slither got cut off. Why would you move the boundary to exclude only 18 kids from Urbana Middle?I like that it keeps the Urbana kids attending UMS.nanWest Winds neighborhood will move on to NMMS, those kids get to move up with friends they've gone to
NMES withI don't find option B feasible due to the division of the community/village.I like this option more because they are closer to capacity although the projections put it quite a bit over
100% in future years.Option A is betterI do not like Option B as it splits off sections of the neighborhood.The only upside to this is the overcrowding that is anticipated in 2028.  However, that date is too far in the
future to be impactful with all the changes each yearNot affected.nothingI like this option because it has more of an impact on the overcrowding issues at that school.Both options seem good, with option A slightly better than option B.It does more to address overcrowding at UMSGOODNo opinion as neither A/B change the feeders for my area.The same reasons as option A, but B lowers the capacity as A keeps the capacity much higher.No issuesUrbana neighborhoods kept together!!!i don't like it b/c it separates the neighborhood kidsWKMSI dislike itI like that this keeps all of the students in the Twin Ridge district together and going to the same middle
school, unlike option ASame as A.Better utilization rate in long run for UMSUrbana MS got capacity relief, the projected growth in the area is well considered, good job FCPS and
Cropper GIS!!nanWhat do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option B?Do not want this option at all.I don'tSame as above.I like that it keeps PB63 in Oakdale ES, MS and HS. This is the current alignment which makes most sense as we are the closes established neighborhood to all three schools. I also like that it keeps PB 63 in Oakdale MS
and HS rather than sending us all over the map for each transition.Not a lotKeeps everyone in the Urbana Planned Unit Development/Special Property Tax District (PUD) to stay in the Middle School.  This is the reason why many live in the PUD to stay in the neighborhood school rather than a adjoining neighborhood school.  Additionally this is one of the weighted factor in purchasing in the PUD and pay more in taxes.  This plan will not greatly affect the social aspect with the children by
separating their neighborhood friends within the Urbana PUD.Nothing is changing so not sure what to say about thisnoneKeeps neighborhood kids together and keeps them in the same feeder pattern. Great optionThis option allows for our children to attend Oakdale MS, which was a large factor in building in
WoodridgeNothing - We live in the Lake Linganore/Meadows. I do not like this option because it separates my children with the other kids in our community. The whole reason move to this area was for this close knit
community.I think that those areas are closest to Westwinds and those students do attend NMMS and LHS.Not impactedI also like that this option keeps most of the community together for middle school and high school.N/aMy kids middle school is not impactedPut all kemptown kids together in Windsor knolls schoolPut all kemptown kids together in Windsor knolls schoolI don'tI do not like this option.They will be able to go to high school with the kids they attended middle school withSame it's finenanOur voice is heard and the new MS option B incorporated community's suggestion. Well done FCPS.Option B  has my child going to a different middle school (windsor knolls) for three years.  She will not know anybody because she would have gone to Urbana elementary and she should be going to Urbana middle school.  After middle school she would just go back to Urbana high school so what is the point of
sending her to a different middle school this makes no senseSmaller projected over capacity percentagesFor my kids it is the same as option a, however several of their friends in the greater community would be
split into a different feeder pattern which I don't think is good.We don't have to changeKeeps current community togetherNo opinion.I don't like Option B. When West Winds was sent to Linganore years ago, it did cause a separation in our community. It was a more natural split because it was off Gas House as opposed to Boyers Mill, and so it feels like a different community all together. It did help with demographics I assume. All that said, Taking Balmoral/Meadows which is a large part of the Lake Communities History and moving them to Linganore
would be a heavy divide for our community.N/A.NothingThe Villages or Urbana and Urbana Highlands communities will be going to Urbana MS.  Option B appears
to have less students in Urbana MS which is my preference.Nothingit keeps all Urbana students in UMS.dislike - separates out from LLA communityNothingUnfortunately excludes a small fraction of Urbana homes without much impact to addressing
overcrowding.The Spring Ridge neighborhood will go to GTJMS, which is a smaller school.goodnanWhat do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option B?I like that the long term projections for this option indicate it will prevent overcrowding at Oakdale MS in
the next 10 years.It absorbs families who are currently driving their students to WKMS from  rural UMS-districted areas - and
it keeps KES students (and their parent volunteers) together at WKMSI do NOT like that it takes a few students from Urbana Elem and sends them to Windsor Knolls Middle instead of UMS ( Planning Blocks 19, 173, 11).  There is no growth or development planned for this area, so I'm not sure how this would help with overcrowding at the middle school level.  By only taking such a small
number of students, it is going to make a more difficult transition to middle school for these students.Makes sensenanKeeps child at NMESNeither option truly relieves middle school overcrowding.Nothing!nanUrbana area is going to Urbana Middle!I feel this option is well done with one exception. The Meadows/Balmoral village of Lake Linganore. Why
not keep them as Oakdale feeder? Less than 100 kids.I do not like it as it creates a middle school split at the East County School and pulls the Lake Linganore Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows into the LHS feeder thus cutting a small portion of students off from
the greater Lake Linganore community.the reason why I moved to Urbananoagain it allows the plan to work and it affects the least amount of kids in all this moving of schoolswe HATE this option - pointless to take 18 away....It keeps us at same middle school that we are currently zoned forgoodI do not like option B due to re-established feeder patterns and dividing one section of the community.I do not like this option as it would relocate 13 kids in Urbana - only 13 kids -I do not see the justification of
just moving 13 kids from Urbana to Windsor knollsIncludes all of MeadowsI'm happy that we remain in the proposed Urbana Middle area.no opinionnanAlso minimizes changes for existing kids.Better overcrowding reductionYesIt is close to home and will keep my daughter with her friends.no good outcomeKeeps our eldest with existing friends, school community, and youngest will get to go to same school which
creates a great community feelOption B is what the community have suggested and what we wanted!It doesn't change the school we attend at all, so seems fine to me.nothing. UMS should be able to serve the region, not just the most recently built homes.Stays the same - GoodNo opinionI don't like Option B. For Option B, Windsor Knolls MS covers such a huge area from north to south. How
could those students living in the north/south corners travel to school? What is they missed the school bus?nanUnsureUnsuredo not like this optionNo opinionI believe it does a better job addressing overcrowding.I like that middle school option B appears to address possible future over crowding issues at oakdale
middle by sending more students to new market middle school.I am fine with the majority of it but we are missing a small chunk of Lake Linganore (balmoral and meadows) and this goes against Mr. Coopers statement in the Frederick Post where  he assured residents that "great effort will be made not to split up communities and if a community has to move, they move
together"Not much.nanWhat do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option B?It maximizes adjacent areas of the Villages of Urbana going to the same school.I liked the better relief to Urbana MS in option BLike Urbana middle betterNothing, I think bussing all of the kids from Spring Ridge 45 minutes to TJ middle is ridiculous when there
is a school 7 minutes awayLike Urbana middle betterI like that PB146 retains NMMS / LHS. Shorter distances to schools for parents / teen drivers / buses and
safer routes.Going to NMES will be less crowded than staying at OMSI like that Middle School Draft Option B will keep our children at Oakdale Middle School. We moved to this
area, from out of state, specifically for the Oakdale Middle School system.There is too much on the interactive map for me to clearly understand what will take place with my kids.
Parents need a less complicated version. I tried to search by my address but was unable to enter it.love itKeeps Lansdale neighborhood together and at closest schoolnanKeeps all of the Urbana community in one middle school instead of fracturing off a small portion of the
community.  Shorter commute and or bus ride vs. WKMS.Option B breaks up a good portion of lake Linganore .  Meadows is furthest  neighborhood from New
Market MiddleNothing, this Option impacts the greatest number of kids and unnecessarily broadens the WKMS boundary,
causing the excessive transport need of only 19 children (east of 270)No opinionI disagree with draft B as it moves 18 children from my area to a different middle school. I am for keeping
option A.Does not change my child's middle school.TRES population is not splitNothing, this Option impacts the greatest number of kids and unnecessarily broadens the WKMS boundary, causing the excessive transport need of only 19 children (east of 270)Nothing, this Option impacts the greatest number of kids and unnecessarily broadens the WKMS boundary,
causing the excessive transport need of only 19 children (east of 270)It keeps the children who attended Twin Ridge together to the greatest extent.Windsor KnollsNeighborhoods, mostly, remain in the same feeder pattern (Oakdale) and are together. If they are transitioning these kids to a new elementary school already, they should be transitioned to the same
Oakdale feeder for Middle and High School.nanNuetralThe Meadows should not be split from the rest of Lake Linganore. I've heard about an option that would move the meadows back but not the new Hamptons. Our children have already formed tight bonds with all
the areas of LL and should not be split upNothingAt least the Twin Ridge kids aren't split. However, NMMS makes more sense for us- some kids on the north
end have an incredibly log bus ride to WKMS.I am fine with the majority of it but we are missing a small chunk of Lake Linganore (balmoral and meadows) and this goes against Mr. Coopers statement in the Frederick Post where  he assured residents that "great effort will be made not to split up communities and if a community has to move, they move
together"That PB#63 remains in the Oakdale feeder for Elementary through HSI believe this option does a slightly better job addressing the overcrowding issues.Nothing, this Option impacts the greatest number of kids and unnecessarily broadens the WKMS boundary,
causing the excessive transport need of only 19 children (east of 270)No opinionIm good about that optionNothing, this Option impacts the greatest number of kids and unnecessarily broadens the WKMS boundary, causing the excessive transport need of only 19 children (east of 270)nanWhat do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option B?I extremely dislike this option. It doubles the number of students impacted. It splits my neighborhood Meadows Planning board #154, 157 ,159 and Balmoral from The Lake Linganore community. These are 2 small neighborhoods very integrated to the community, just 89 kids that are going to be socially isolated  and segregated from their community and have to go to a completely different environment. These kids grew up in Deer Crossing Elementary together, this elementary school is basically a Lake Linganore community school. In addition Lake Linganore is a very integrated community with the lakes and amenities where kids get together and the school is part of this integration, that is where they make friends that they see at the Lake Linganore events. My daughter in option B would start Middle School in a school where basically she does not know anybody just a few neighbors , same with my son would start high school in a school where they don't know many kids, none of their friends would go there with them. It is heartbreaking and highly disruptive in addition my son is already working in his high school credits so it will disrupt him greatly. The amount of children being moved at the middle school level is just 89 for our neighborhoods not enough to help at less than 1% and on top of that the Middle School is being under utilize greatly at 64% compared to New Market at 88% in option B. The growth in the area is projected to be larger but those are estimates that may be wrong.The new East county elementary is split into 2 at 52% to 48% and the reason we were given at the presentation for the split is that they wanted to have the split almost even and since they were moving West winds neighborhood to the east county elementary (which they don't want)in Option B . But with the new Hamptons neighborhood being built up that uneven split (which will be 32% to 67% which is not bad really) will disappear in a few years when the new kids start
school so it makes sense to keep Meadows and Balmoral in the oakdale feeder (planning blocks 154,157,159).More students will go to Windsor Knolls MS, which could help reduce the burden on Urbana MS.Maintains sense of community by keeping kids in the same community (ie Windsor Knolls) together.I like how middle school draft option B has consistent feeder patterns.No opinionThe established feeder pattern is maintained for TRES , GVES and KES (100 % would attend WKMS).
More even split of students going from WKMS to UHS and LHS (60/40).If you go with OPTION B I would recommend leaving Balmoral/Meadows with the OMS and OHS feeder
pattern (see detail in my observations below)I think it extends some of the boundary too far to distant neighborhoods at the southern end of the county.No opinionThis option is slightly better than A, but still sends kids from Mt Airy to a school that is much further away
(WKMS) than necessary.  NMMS is a far better option.NothingNothing.nannanIt doesn't change for usNothingMuch closer to MeadowsOMS is so much closer to Meadows/BalmoralIt keeps our neighborhood togetherSame as elementaryThe projected numbers appear to have less crowdingN/a no change from where we stand nownanNothing, this Option impacts the greatest number of kids and unnecessarily broadens the WKMS
boundary, causing the excessive transport need of only 19 children (east of 270)It minimizes the distance to the schools so kids can still walk if neededI agreeDoesn't change for usNo opinionSwitches feeder patternsSee above. Nothing.  Option a and B are not different for our schools at allI like that it keeps the entire Kemptown community attending WKMSnanSee aboveThis option has no impact on me.Too far!reduces overcrowding for the future, spreads out more evenly the number of students at each middle schoolnanWhat do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option B?We are requesting that the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows be moved back into the OHS feeder under Option B as it does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middle school level and actually better balances "out year" overcapacity rates between LHS and OHS under this option. Reasons why:
o Capacity and School Utilization Numbers:
o Balmoral and the Meadows have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is a well connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these students socially from the greater community.
o Under Option B, moving Balmoral and the Meadows to the LHS feeder has little impact on capacity numbers at all school levels (less than 1 percent). In fact, moving us back to the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B would create a more balanced out year utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels. o Redistricting Criteria:
o Per Policy 200.2, the Board set criteria for redistricting that is intended to guide the final decision. During the January voting, community members choose their top three criteria as priorities for consideration. Two of those criteria were Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. Moving us out of the OHS feeder goes against the criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community.
o Our neighborhood was redistricted from LHS into OHS just 8 years ago. It seems due to our location, we could be in a situation of continually flip flopping between feeders as additional schools are built. The Board's criteria also includes keeping redistricting to a minimum.
o Split Feeders:
o It was clear from the March survey that parents prefer to avoid split feeders. Option B creates a split feeder at the elementary level. Additionally, a desire to have an even split moving from one school level to the next is not part of the overall redistricting criteria set forth by the Board and should not take priority over other factors when making a decision to alter an existing feeder pattern.
o Moving us into the NMMS/LHS feeder simply to achieve a 50/50 elementary to middle school split in the near term is not a sound reason to make a drastic change for these students. Hamptons West has yet to be built and could easily provide a better split balance as the homes are developed. As projection numbers are not always correct, trying to achieve a short term balance may result in a long-term imbalance as projection numbers have been incorrect in the past.
o Lastly, the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge had the March Option B (redistricted to GTJMS) removed from consideration as a result of their vocal petition despite the low utilization rate of GTJMS under both of the current options. Clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. As our recommendation does not create an over capacity situation in either option, we should be afforded the same consideration in
order to remain at OMS and OHS.Not in the bear interests of Lake Linganore as a community.Not in the bear interests of Lake Linganore as a community.I do not like this optionI like the MS option B (better than A) because most of the students in Lake Linganore will be continuing to go to Oakdale MS.  But the main reason I like B better than A is that it takes a more even split of the kids  that will be going to the new Blue Heron ES and splits it more 50/50 between Oakdale MS and New Market MS, which will be easier on the students to make and keep lasting friendships within the community both at
home and at school.NaThis is not a good DRAFT for our community.No opinionI like that the neighborhood stays together and we are able to still go to our neighborhood MS.I don't like it because it splits a tiny neighborhood from our community and it impacts more kids. My kids would lose all their friends while starting middle school and high school isolating from the community they grew up with. None of their friends would go with them into the new school. Splitting the new elementary school into 2 feeders goes against impact in communities and established feeder patterns.  and also leaves Oakdale middle school under capacity while isolating a small number of children less than a 100 at the MS and HS level. They are giving priority to a balanced split for just projection numbers that may or may not be
accurate.No preference.Option B have the long term vision for FCPS long term development.I like the fact this option making school utilization more balanced.staying togethernanWhat do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option B?It alleviates the overcrowding temporarily.No opinionKeeps current Kemptown students moving to WKMS togetherSeems to force some kids to have to travel further than necessary.Nothing, it separates the Lake Linganore community reducing critical social interactionslocation to home, do not need to change daycareDo not likeSee previous responseNothingPB154 - we do not like this option as it moves our children to NMMS and LHSEither option is favorableNo to Option B. If you are going to take kids out of NMES (where our kids currently go), pulling them away from New Market Community and lumping us with other Linganore villages, don't then put the kids back to NMMS for middle and Linganore HS, which equals crazy changing feeder patterns and having to change friends again and again. Hopefully, you will keep us at NMES, but if you go with option B for new elementary, at least then have us feed into Oakdale Middle and Oakdale High School for a sensible feeder pattern of New elementary --> Oakdale Middle-> Oakdale HS.
Also, all parents I've talked to in the other Linganore Villages (who are currently Oakdale feeder) are against their kids being rerouted to NMMS and Linganore High school. So they will push against this, and then West Winds could truly be stuck being the only neighborhood to be rerouted to the new elementary, and
then put back into NMMS and Linganore.NothingAgain, this allows our kids to remain in the local area with the kids they have become friends with.School close to home. No change.I like this option as it allows my son to continue with his classmates into middle school.okI don't like either plan.  Twin Ridge students north of I-70 should be routed to New Market.That is makes our community whole again.My schools don't changeIt is same as before and so no commentsStay in UMDoesn't include the Meadows for OMSGoing to the nearest school!No opinionI like that its pulling more kids from south county (Sugarloaf Road) to WKMSMS Option B puts too many additional areas at Windsor Knolls MS!  With this plan, WKMS will be over-
crowded very soon!Finenothing,Not an option I like for West WindsI like that it would reduce the population strains of Oakdale and Urbana middle.That all of the children in the Villages will stay together and my child can walk safely to school.no commentnannothingdoes not affectNothingSame as ANothingWest Winds continues to go to NMMSI don't.The whole neighborhood going to the same middle school  and keeps us part of the Lou community that the
children have always been apart of.It keeps the Urbana residence children together and attending Urbana Middle school where most of them
can walk.Moves only a few kids from UMSDislikeI like this the best of the 2 MS options.There is nothing I like about this option to keep all UMS students in an overcrowded facility.nanWhat do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option B?Keeps my children at the same schoolThis will better balance the feeder split between UHS and LHS.I only like this option if the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows (PB154, 157, and 159) be moved back into the OMS feeder as it does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middle school level and actually better
balances "out year" overcapacity rates between LHS and OHS under this option.Like itnoNo change for mePreserves feeder patternOakdale is much closer to homeWe got to Windsor knollsA is better, B is okZeroNo opinionwon't have middle school agesNot much about Option B that I like, just the similar items to Option A.NothingNothing, this Option impacts the greatest number of kids and unnecessarily broadens the WKMS boundary,
causing the excessive transport need of only 19 children (east of 270)YesKeeps us at Urbana MS - very happy about that!Urbana MS boundary is more compact, encompassing fewer current homes, and more importantly fewer
future homes, lessening potential for overcrowdingMeets the following criteria: keeps communities together and proximity of schools.Option B has 100% of TRES population attending Windsor Knolls Middle, maintaining the established Feeder Pattern. Since both options divide the WKMS student population into UHS and LHS, Option B is
crucial as it ensures that TRES population is not split twice at the middle school and high school levels.The plans seem to be more logical at all levels. No preference on either.Same as currentI think this is a great option because it allows the Lake Linganore (Meadows) kids to get back to the roots of going to Linganore and NMMS! I love the idea of splitting Lake Linganore so the kids can meet other kids
from different neighborhoods.Fine that it is WKMSNothing wanted OakdaleGood (Oakdale  for all 3 schools)It keeps our neighborhood together.Less switchingN/A, we stay the sameI am glad that my kids can go to UMSThat Urbana students stay in UrbanaNothingIt makes no changes to our current districtDo not support as it splits Meadows and Balmoral from rest of LLA for NME and Linganore HighNoneIt keeps our neighborhood together.My neighborhood stays in the current feeder pattern.not a fanNo opinionNo commentI do not like this optionFor my street A & B would be the sameNot a lotSame as A-- for the vast majority of Frederick County residents, community schools will remain intact.That current KES students will attend WKMSWe will still stay in urbana middle schoolGood. No change for my kidNot happyNo real opinionN.a.Does a better job addressing overcrowding among the 3 feedersnanWhat do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option B?I like that it keeps west winds in new MarketKeeps twin ridge classes togetherImprovement from previous options.I like that all of green valley goes to windsor knolls and kids are not split into different schools.I like BThe MS distribution of students is more balanced in Option B in 2028 as compared to Option A.  As in the ES Option B, this will allow a delay in redistricting which is a benefit to both the county and the community
(less stressful and more stability).No opinionI like the idea since our kids can stay at the same school in the Villages of  Urbana. No bus pickup/drop-off will cause a lot of traffic going on in the neighborhood & the safety concerns to more students who walk to
school everyday then.That we are in the Oakdale feedernanThere would be less children attending oakdale middle school which is needed as there are multiple
housing developments planned in this area.Proximity, friends stay in same school, already got adjusted in 6th grade. Good to continue in same
environment.GoodMy children would maintain consistency in the Oakdale feeder pattern.This one allows my son to start and finish in the same middle schoolKeeps things as is for MSNothing.NothingnanNo opinionIt worksNothingI have no major concerns about this option.Nothing.It keeps WestWinds in the current feeder pattern with closest schoolsMy children can walk to schoolGoodAgain it keeps our community with the least amount of disruption.Oakdale appears to get some relief as it looks like it's numbers are growing.I like that all the students currently mapped to WKMS remain mapped there in this option.I like that our neighborhood kids in Greenview will go to Oakdale for middle school with their friends from
ES.Bringing the students from the southwest section of the current UMS district map into the WKMS boundary
area makes sense when observing future growth patterns. Relieves crowding  at UMS.I like how option B keeps the majority of lake linganore together. The only piece that is missing is the
meadows.My children would be districted for a school that will be undercapacity - as a parent of a child with an IEP whose needs are not currently being met at an overcrowded school, the additional resources that would be
available to her are appealing.I like that my children and all of the children of Urbana will stay in Urbana as opposed to going farther
down the road to Windsor Knolls.No opinionNothing.  We don't feel that it makes sense for our planning block (1) to attend TJ Middle while other planning blocks (62, 100, 74) which are closer to TJ Middle attend Oakdale Middle.  We live 5 minutes from
Oakdale Middle and 15 minutes from TJ Middle.It does not make sense for our planning block to attend TJ Middle while other planning blocks which are
closer to TJ Middle attend Oakdale Middle.  We live much closer to Oakdale Middle than TJ Middle.Middle School Projections: Total Option Projections are lower under Option B. Projected Enrollment
Percentages are lower in 2020 by 1%, 2021 by 1%, 2025 by 2%, 2028 by 5%!nanWhat do you like about Middle School DRAFT Option B?I do NOT like that the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows (PB 154/157/159) are moved into the LHS feeder. This splits off a very small part of the established Lake Linganore community. This would have a negative effect on our community. At the same time, moving this part of Lake Linganore to the LHS feeder would have a very small effect on capacity numbers at all school levels (less than 1 percent). In fact, moving these villages back to the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B would create a more balanced out year
utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels.I don't like it. TJMS is too far from SR and doesn't give SR a good feeder pattern.  See comments above.Option B allows for slightly less overcrowding at the middle and high school levels, but does so at the expense of students in PB 154, 157, and 159. If Option B were modified to move these planning blocks back to OMS/OHS, while maintaining NMMS/LHS for the not-yet-developed PB 158, this would create a more balanced out year utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels. Removing the aforementioned
planning blocks has only a 1% impact on overcrowding numbers at the middle and high school levels.No answerThe changes in Option B are minimal and the redistribution is rational (again,  based on the potential for
walker/bikers).I don't like that it puts Meadows and Balmoral in the LHS feederIt is fineMiddle School Projections: Total Option Projections are lower under Option B.My child will go to WKMSNothingdoesn't include new Hamptons areasNothing; odd boundaries.It keeps future enrollment down at OHS.I do not like the boundaries for most of the districts in this option at all.I believe this is the option that takes something like 18 houses from the Villages of Urbana and buses them to Windsor Knolls. This is completely unacceptable. How can you possibly justify taking just that small section of the VOU and removing them from the school that the entire rest of the neighborhood attends? How is this not good for anyone? Please keep the entire Villages of Urbana at ONE middle school. I know this is not possible for the elementary but it is possible for middle school. Middle school is hard enough. Let
these kids go to the school closest to them that the rest of their neighborhood attends. Please.No opinionnannanOther Thoughts and Observations about Middle School DRAFT Option A and/or BnanI noticed that option A keeps the majority of the students that are currently attending UMS staying at UMS instead of being transferred to Windsor Knolls. These areas include students living on and around Dixon
road. Although this keeps the capacity high for the middle school, it keeps the students at Urbana.I thought the first survey said no spit feeders was a priority, yet Windsor Knolls Middle School is still being
split between Urbana and Linganore.  Way to listen to the community.N/aThe majority of spring ridge is adamantly against our pull into TJMS.   This needs to be reviewed and the
new neighborhoods that are closer should be evaluated for going there instead.Neighborhoods should not be split down the middle for redistricting.no opinionI do not think option B is feasibly possible.  It will divide a few streets in the community to a different middle school making carpools, community and school spirit difficult and produces bus issues.  Option A allows the entire community to stay together and seems the more prudent and feasible option.  Option B has
too many issues and complications arising from only a few streets in the neighborhood to be redistricted.ONLY SUPPORT OPTION BIt is absurd to isolate one small (very small) neighborhood from their community.  If you are going to split
please consider a larger division line.I don't like that the Meadows development is going to be split into to schools- this will be tough on our kids.Option A is a better option for the Urbana area.None.It is ridiculous to separate ONLY the Meadows area students from ALL the other LL students!I live in Westwinds.  I want my kids to go to New Market Middle.  It is the closest school to my house and most convenient.  Thanks for making this the only option.  Oakdale MS is positioned in such a way that
many other neighborhoods make more sense to go to Oakdale.My vote is for OPTION ANOToo many students are impacted in Option B as compared to A.  DOUBLE THE AMOUNT!  This is not
good.  Option A is the better choice.no changeAs a family we are completely opposed to plan B. So far as I will consider moving if the plan is the final
plan.It is important to keep the Meadows and Balmoral within the Oakdale HS feeder.nanI prefer Option A but see the value in both.These options make sense as to not break up friends and having to move from one school to the other and
then back again.I prefer Option B due to the lower utilization rate.A is better than BAgain, option B please! Far outweighs option a's benefitsThe redistricted area in the Eastern part of the county is not a community in the same sense that Eaglehead is.  Redistricting more rural areas is easier on families and friendships that in densely populated
communities where we rely on car-pooling and kids being on the same schedule.These options are the same for us either way, and I am fine with that.Would love to explore options and community involvement in avoiding overcrowding at UMS.Doesn't effect usi think the feeder pattern needs to be taken into account. half of windsor knolls will go to UHS and the other
half to LHSNo issues with either, they both keep urbana kids togetherIt concerns me that in Option B students going to Windsor Knolls Middle school will have to travel from
two different extremes a long time to get to their school. Option A would be my preferred option.I think both are wrong. Why do you send kids to a Middle School then split them up and send them to
different high schools? Twin Ridge kids and eastern Frederick County continue to get screwed over.Same as option ANoneNonanOther Thoughts and Observations about Middle School DRAFT Option A and/or BThis option helps keep kids in the Linganore community together in the most consistent way possible.  By allowing Meadows/Balmoral to stay in the same Oakdale pattern you are giving us the chance to maintain both student relationships AND parent relationships.  I rely heavily on the other parents for updates, information, and general details about if my kid is okay.  Even the walking trails in the Balmoral and Meadows areas connect with the rest of the community.  These relationships  make our schools strong and our students perform better (which honestly, is great for the county).  It will be a detriment for the neighborhood and the school district if that advantage is taken away.  (I do not live in Balmoral/Meadows, I live in Pinehurst and this is still really important to me.  I like knowing the kids I see at the pool and at the
park - I would hate to not have that anymore).Not sure why Windsor Knolls is so s p r e a d  o u t. Seems like you could combine the shift from Windsor Knolls MS to New Market MS up north (from Option A) with the shift from Urbana MS to Windsor Knolls MS down south (from Option B), essentially shifting the whole attendance area of Windsor Knolls south by a bit. You end up splitting the Twin Ridge Elementary feeder pattern, but that was going to happen with
Option A anyway.NoMiddle school option B, students in Mount Airy should not have to go that far to Windsor knolls and
should be at new market msOption A is the most fair and impacts the least amount of kids with change at a critical ageIn Draft B you are taking a small amount (about 18 kids) and sending them to Windsor Knolls. That is isolating kids and is completely unfair, a small number of kids is not impacting the overcrowding of Urbana Middle. Planning Blocks 14, 21, 19 and 173 area need to stay at Urbana Middle. For many of those students they are now at Sugarloaf, will be moved to Urbana Elementary and split from friends, and then you are going to split them even more and send them to Windsor Knolls. Only to have them come back to Urbana High when all the new friends they make go onto Linganore High.  When you think about it like that, it seems pointless, no thought out and unfair to those kids. Kids have enough stress on them as it is, lets not
single small amounts of kids out and make their adolescent years even harder on them.Keep optionA and ditch option B!!!!No.Prefer Option ASplitting the lake Linganore villages is unacceptable. This was discussed in round one and our voices were loud and clear that we are ONE lake Linganore.  Splitting off just two villages is a detriment to our sense of
community.Makes no difference for my areaThis option offers no relief to UMS.Looking at option A and UMS, the projected growth and increase over capacity makes Option B look a lot more appetizing. While it is still close to capacity, the numbers are more reasonable for option B over the
next 5-10 years.NoOption A/B both work  because it keeps my children close to homeOption A helps my child from NOT riding a school bus for 45-60 minutes for 18 miles!not applicable to my middle schoolerAI like that both options result in my child remaining at her current school; however, I think a better option overall would be for Deer Crossing students to attend NMMS and keep all of the OES kids together, then
bring SRES studens from east of the Moncacy to OMS.The Mt. Airy twin ridge elementary will have a long rid eto Windsor knolls MSUpset twin ridge won't go to new market middlenaThe amount of kids effected is so small and is not worth the emotional distress it would put on families and
their children.Meadows is the farthest neighborhood from NMMS.. why not include one closer? Pinehurst? Summerfield?
Option A would be best.  Keeps the neighborhoods together.either one is great!Option B negatively impacts the same children from a social standpoint several times.  The small18 kid group that will be impacted (from urbana)will be entering middles school ( windsor knowles)  without knowing anyone, and  then again when returning to UHS as freshmen.  That's just plain rough.  Planning
blocks 21,14,19,174,173, 11Vote for Option AOption B takes a small chunk of our community and sends them to a different schoolI LIKE BOTHI LIKE BOTHnanOther Thoughts and Observations about Middle School DRAFT Option A and/or BWest winds should go to NMMSNoYou are tearing apart a community. The developers and the county are wrecking the community.NoThis option spilts lake Linganore upIn Option B, it seems like the pocket pulled out of Oakdale to go to New Market is a very small portion of our neighborhood. These kids will be more isolated from old friends as well as new friends since they don't really connect by quick access to the other areas that go to this school.
Option B splits up the kids at the new elementary school and sends them to 2 different middle and high schools.
In Option B, would it be possible to keep the existing houses/area from the Meadows/Balmoral in Lake Linganore at Oakdale and all the new building around the new elementary school would be the cut off to New Market Middle? Obviously, there are not current occupants living in that area and home owners
would buy with the understanding of the boundary lines.We moved here with the knowledge that our child would attend Oakdale schools, and we want our child to
attend with the other students in our chosen communityNo concerns as my kids stay at Urbana which is walking distance from my home.noOption B seems like there will be a lot more students in Windsor Knolls.You listened to our comments about how it made no sense to send part of the VOU to Windsor Knolls MS.
Thank you.No.I prefer option BPrefer aNoI wish you would have put us back at Oakdale.option B is the only way to goIt's odd to me that 2 small neighborhoods (Meadows and Balmoral) would be separated from the rest of LLA. The new neighborhoods won't be affected so it makes sense to start them now, but leave the kids and
community as it is. Option B is ridiculous when you look at it on the map.NMMS is a great school, I've already had two children go through.  With both options our West Winds
neighborhood continues to go there.  It's also the closest in proximity to our home.I am happy with either as it doesn't change anythingI don't understand why a community would be split so drastically.  It could cause a rift since Linganore and
Oakdale are rivals.nanYes. Keep Lake Linganore together.  Do the right thing and keep Lake Linganore together.Option A will be so nice for the kids that live way up in Mt Airy and have to ride the MS bus for 45-60
minutes twice a day!In option B, the meadows and balmoral neighborhoods from lake Linganore are separated from the rest of the community that the children have grown up in. It changes the schools the children are currently in and will separate friends and neighbors and at tough time in children's life. The meadows and  Balmoral are also very small neighborhoods and would not make a significant impact on overcrowding at Oakdale middle
and high school.B is ridiculous to carve out the meadows and balmoral.I like a better because it keeps the middle schools under crowdedA is way better- hands downIn Option B you divide the Lake Linganore community, sending a small portion  (the Meadows and Balmoral) to a different middle and high school than the rest of the community. I think it is unfair to separate such a small group from their peers. These kids have grown up sharing the same pools, beaches, sports teams and boy/girl scout groups. My daughter will graduate from Oakdale Middle School when this goes into effect and then have to go to Linganore High School. This is a lot of burden on a few students to
leave 90% of their peers to go to a different high school. You mentioned that you would divide schools as close to 50/50 as you could.NonanOther Thoughts and Observations about Middle School DRAFT Option A and/or BI prefer Option A because it does not break off one of the longest existing villages from the Lake Linganore Community.  As a Meadows resident for 19 years, my children have grown up with and formed relationships with other children in the Lake Linganore community including Pinehurst, Aspen, and Coldstream.  The uptick of growth and additions to Lake Linganore and surrounding communities makes Meadows residents feel like we are being "pushed out" , especially with this surprise Option B.   Why can't the "new growth" /"new builds" take the impact of being redistricted to NMMS since the boundaries could be set and established before the houses are built?
I do have concern about the facility at NMMS.  The open classrooms are outdated.  Are they considered secure?  If my child attends OMS for one year and then NMMS the next year, there is an obvious discrepency in the physical facilities. Will this, in addition to my child's second transition to another middle
school,  affect morale?NaJust want to say thank you for listening to this community and their concerns leading up to the new draft concepts, option a and b. Thank you for keeping the community together and allowing our children to strive
in the neighborhood they've grown up in.Option B is a non-starter.  It removes the Meadows and Balmoral kids from any schooltime social interaction
with literally every other village in Lake Linganore.Why do you insist on splitting the two villages in Lake Linganore community from the others?I do not like it because it is not the closest school to my neighborhood. Families that live closer to the TJMS on the south side of 144 are bused past my home to OMS while my kids are bused the opposite way past their neighborhood (tulip hill and those adjacent) to TJMS, this seems inefficient and more costly with
bussesPick option AMS B is betterOption B has very long communte for some of WKMS which not only impact time on the bus to and from
school but also participation in extra curricular activites.Keep us in Oakdale MiddleNothingNoOkI do not like Option B as I feel it is under-effective, yet incredibly disruptive, to the only 18 students who will be pulled from the Urbana feeder to attend Windsor Knolls MS, but then sent back to UHS. Just 18
students! It seems best to keep them in their pattern in Urbana.Twin Ridge students are being sent on 40 minute bus rides to Windsor Knolls.  This is not part of our community.  Our students interact with New Market Middle Students.  We play sports with them we have shared churches and girl and boy scouts.  There is NO reason to send our students all the way over to a middle school where they won't have their peer groups.  A middle school where the majority of the students will go to a seperate high school.  I teach in a middle school that is divided  for high school and it causes constant issues within the student body. PLEASE reconsider what you are doing to the students of Twin
Ridge.Option B excludes less than 20 families to bus them out to WKMS. Waste of resources to bus such a small
group of kids over there & separate them from neighbors & friends.Option A: Would like to see our kids continue in the same schools as their friends that they play sports with,
spend summers with and build relationships with.Please don't exclude 18 kids from the Urbana area in Option BOption A feels like punishment - why is this small group of Meadows students the group that is excluded?Nooption Aoption AUrbana MS is getting crowded.Draft B appears to have students who would be very far away from the Windsor Knolls.  That looks like an incredibly long bus ride and may create an extra burden for parents and children alike as I would expect
them to need to get on the bus earlier.NoneNo opinion.I am afraid that when my kids move to middle school most of their friends will go to urbana middle and our
only option is Windsor knolls.noOption A will still include all urbana into Urbana MS.  Option B will notI vote for Option AnanOther Thoughts and Observations about Middle School DRAFT Option A and/or BI'm surprised you'd exclude the 18 kids west of 355 in the WKMS area but they would attend Urbana ES and
HS. Seems unfair to send them to another school during MS.It is logical to feed future developments Hamptons West and East into New Market Middle and Linganore HS pattern. Construction is beginning and putting new developments into the LHS feeder will not cause community disruption like taking established neighborhoods out of their current feeder. Option B will
disrupt community ties in Lake Linganore.With Option B a small number of kids affected by this concept would get switched to WKMS and that is not acceptable. The number is too small and leaves kids without friends they know during a very pivotal time in
their life.It singles out Landsdale and force our kids to go to a HS that is farther away.Only Option B incorporated community's suggestion and we are in favor of that. Option A did not
considered community's responseFineIt makes no sense why you've heard how impt it is to keep the LL community together and didn't include
one tiny section of the Meadows/BalmoralnoI am happy the Cropper team listened to some of the feedback and tried to keep most of the Urbana kids in
UMS.Please consider making the split out of WKMS as closet o 50/50 as possible between Urbana HS and Linganore HS.  I am sure you have noticed that the folks from Urbana HS are very protective of their community and they are not the most welcoming.  It is hard for kids to have a Kemptown feeder to WKMS and then Urbana when majority of the kids from WKMS go to Linganore.  It looks like, from  one of the
current HS scenarios, less of the Kemptown feeder area will ateend Urbana HS so the split will be even worse moving forward.Why are these options so drastically different from the initial concepts?I do not think Option B solves the over crowding at UMS by excluding 18 kids. Please keep the original  UMS boundary. It would be terrible for these 18 kids to be separated from their friends, attend a new MS for 2-3 years and then reunited. Please consider the minimal impact of keeping the UMS boundary in its
original form.I like both options.I am in favor of option A, opposed to option B.  I am a teacher in the LHS feeder pattern and know how good of a feeder pattern it is.  However, I feel option B has significant issues with moving a contingent of  the community to an entirely different system.  I do see the effects of option B with those living within the LHS/UHS feeder pattern, but those changes seem much more feasible as these students already have connections to LHS/UHS with their feeder systems currently merged.  Is seems a far more prudent decision to keep all of our community together as option A presents, as it is and has been for years, rather than take a disproportionate amount of our community and send it to a different school, allowing for two feeder systems of busses within the same community, and a significant amount of change for those students
currently in the middle school.The overcrowded classrooms are allowing behaviors that shouldn't be occurring to occur.I believe you can add the few rural students in the southern part of the county and keep them at UMS.  I
dont see where 20 or so kids makes a differenceoption A seems to be better for everyone in Urbana-particularly the absurdly tiny fraction of kids who
would be moved to Windsor Knolls from urbana MSI would prefer an option that sends more than a small handful of kids from Urbana to WKMS (option B). That seems like it would be very hard on those kids. It would be better to have a large cohort, as was
presented earlier in the process.GOODnanI vote option B over option A in that it will limit the frequency that we need to redistrict the children. I LOVE that we were able to voice our opinions in helping to keep our children that live in the urbana
highlands and VOU in the urbana schools. Thank you so very much for listening!The map seems not to take the road network into account.  For example, Gas House Pike will be receiving  far more traffic if the northern Lake Linganore neighborhoods are redistricted to feed Linganore HS.  Like many country roads in this county, it's not suited for large amounts of traffic, and it presents a real hazard in
winter.Nono, i would prefer option aI like AnanOther Thoughts and Observations about Middle School DRAFT Option A and/or BI am disappointed that NEITHER of these options KEEPS the Twin Ridge students together AND brings them ALL to New Market Middle since this seems to be the best of both worlds for the Twin Ridge District and made sense statistically speaking.  It is very disappointing that this option was removed, and was
hopefully done for the right reasons and not because of a few people's loud complaints.Pleased with these options.  Hopeful these are the drafts that remain.Though the main difference between Option A and B for UMS is that 19 students moving to WKMS, in the long run, Option B provides a better utilization rate for UMS in 2021, 2025 and 2028. It could potentially reflect the fact that the area where that 19 students come from has a faster growth that UMS won't be able to handle in the next 5-10 years.
In this case, I prefer MS Option B since I believe no family and kids would like to go through another round of school redistrict within 10 years. That will be too destructive to the kids, especially those in the lower grade and younger age. They will still be in school in the next 12 years. I do not want to see them to go
through twice or even 3 times of this destructive school redistrict process.MS Option A is just a short term solution for the area. Let's say Urbana MS, in MS Option A, there are no capacity relief after redistricting, even more, the utilization keep increase till 2028 which will not increase the educational welfare. Whereas MS Option B, the long term growth is well considered and the utilization
of all MS are more balancedBuying a house in my neighborhood and building friendships was a key role in my decision. I certainly
hope that you take this into consideration and go with option A.No.These look much better than original options which had smaller neighborhoods being bounced around from
established feeder patterns.nanoverall goodNaWill keep LLA community children in the same schools as their neighborhood friends! Better sense of
community. Please don't split these kids up.No.N/aB it's closerB it's closerNaI prefer options that keep neighborhoods next to each other going to the same schoolNoI don't understand why the Twin Ridge neighborhood would go to Windsor Knolls - why not use 70 as the boundary line? I would think that the kids from Twin Ridge would add to the capacity of Windsor Knolls which is already crowded. Option B adds more kids to Windsor Knolls by cutting into the Urbana boundary
lines...In MS option A, Urbana MS got no capacity relief, furthermore, the utilization will sharply increase within 10 years which is highly unfavorable. In addition ,the feeder pattern of Windsor Knolls MS is unacceptable. While in MS Option B, there will be no changes in the number of students in non-transported area, besides, I
love the long term projection is being consider in the MS option B.Urbana elementary To  Windsor Knoll middle school and back to Urbana high school, The school in the
middle make no sense just keep it Urbana middle schoolNONo opinion.I would like to say that one of the tings I love about our Lake Linganore Community is that it is a diverse group in and of themselves. We have many layers of income in our neighborhood old condos and small homes to very large new houses. A large amount of rentals to ownership. People move inside the community and rarely leave unless relocating. I think that separating old communities from the new ones is
tricky. One of our commonalities is the High School Pride. It would be a shame to loose that.N/A.NoI appreciate the board taking our concerns about keeping the entire Urbana community at Urbana MS into
consideration.  This is very much appreciated.Option B is a non-starter with more students impacted, negative impact to transportation considering increased bus travel across the southern part of Rt. 355 during rush hour, and potentially resulting in near
term school capacity issues.Like A, but not B. B pulls away from rest of LLA communitynanOther Thoughts and Observations about Middle School DRAFT Option A and/or BIt is unfair to move The Meadows to New Market Middle and Linganore High School when other
neighborhoods are closer in Draft B.Need to think about building a new middle school(s) in Frederick County as development continues.  These
short term fixes are just that, short term fixes.No.goodSpring ridge residents / students are crossing paths with students who go to the closer Oakdale middle. I think that's wrong. I wish there were a way to keep spring ridge kids at oakdale high for proximity (traffic into town is horrible) and because they'll go to oakdale high anyway. Leaving TJ middle they'll lose a
number of friends whereas they could stay together at the oakdale cluster.PB 154, 157, and 159 are established, completed Lake Linganore villages (Meadows and Balmoral villages) surrounding the lake in the Oakdale feeder. In option A, these would remain with all the other current villages in the community (excluding West Winds-PB146, which is currently in the Linganore feeder and has their own board). Option A is great from the perspective of the Lake Linganore neighborhood, which is very close knit and intertwined. In Option B, these villages (PB154, 157, 159) are now the only core Lake Linganore Villages in the NMMS/Linganore feeder. It seems a preferable split in option B would be to have PB 154, 157, and 159 remain with the rest of the current, already built Lake Linganore villages and have PB158, which will gain close to 900 homes when new development is started/complete, and PB146 (West Winds already in Linganore feeder) feed into NMMS and LHS. Although this will initially skew the feeder split in option B from the East County ES to OMS and NMMS, the development in PB 158 will even this out
over time.No observationsAs far as I can see, Middle School Option A keeps most of the students with the same feeder pattern.
Middle School Option B has one small section of Lake Linganore going to different schools and seems unfair to those students.  I have a child who has difficulty making friends; she managed to make one good friend this year in middle school who (of course) may now go to another school if Option B is picked.  It's small
things like that that make a difference to many people.nanNeither option truly relieves middle school overcrowding. Over 1/3rd of the VOU should be going to WKMS.  Also, it is very elitist to send the rural students who live further south on 355 to WKMS as opposed
to urbana.  To make the difference 1/3rd of Urbana students need to be a WKMS.nanThanks for listening to the feedback and making changesUnder the original three options at the March meeting all of Lake Linganore remained at OHS. We were  told that no new options would be created and that Lake Linganore would remain within the OHS feeder. Under the revised Option B the small villages of Balmoral and Meadows are pulled into the LHS feeder. We were told that it was to create an even split at the East County elementary school level as students move into middle school. Though it creates a near term even split, there is much growth to be had within the Hamptons West community to eventually balance out an uneven split if the Meadows and Balmoral remained within the OHS feeder. And never mind projections numbers could be wrong (as they have been in the past) and create an uneven split in the out years. Additional, in terms of priorities, an "even school split" is not listed in Policy 200.2 as criteria to consider but Impact on Communities, Proximity to School,  and Established Feeder Patterns is listed as criteria for the Board. And Impact on Communities was a top priority chosen by families during the Jan meeting presentation. Moving a small number of students (roughly 100 at the elem, middle, and high school levels) into a new high school feeder pattern simply to satisfy a 50/50 elementary to middle school split seems like it goes against the following criteria: Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. It pulls a very small portion of students from the greater Lake Linganore community, a community that is very connected both physically (via trails) and socially,  and isolates these students. Never mind these very students were redistricted from LHS to OHS just 8 years ago; and now you are suggesting to redistrict them back again. That impacts the community negatively and also has a profound affect on student welfare which was another top priority voted on by the parents. In regards to over crowding, moving the Meadows and Balmoral Villages back into the OHS feeder under Option B does not impact capacity numbers, in fact it helps to balance them out across schools. In terms of proximity to schools, also a top priority voted on my parents, there are other Planning Blocks that are closer to NMMS than Balmoral and the Meadows. I do not see any benefit to moving the Balmoral and Meadows Villages into the NMMS/LHS feeder pattern; I see more disadvantages and challenges for this small group of students in terms of being isolated from their greater community. Though Option B creates a better utilization rates across schools, I would recommend moving Balmoral and the Meadows back to the OHS
feeder.the reason why I moved to UrbanaOption AnanOther Thoughts and Observations about Middle School DRAFT Option A and/or Bthis should be about making it work with the least amount of disturbance for the kids.. Option B allows for that to happen... Option A Landsdale is a new neighborhood with younger residents which will ultimately
bring more people so logically they would need to be the neighborhood that should be moved.We prefer BnangoodI do not find option B feasible for several reasons including two feeder pattern busses in the community, sectioning  a portion of a large community to a different feeder pattern and other boundaries that seem to be mitigating factor on our community being redistricted already is involved in a divided pattern with LHS/UHS and WKMS, which feeds into both.  Option A has our community and it's established
relationships continuing a cohesive  positive school environment.  My opinion has nothing to do with the quality of NMMS.  I think it is a great school with a great student and staff population.Option B is not a good option. It take only 13 kids out of urbana area.  I do not see how 13 kids can make a difference, in addition moving them from their friends, the stress for having to relocate . Option A keeps all
the kids together in Urbana area.NoI'm happy that we remain in the proposed Urbana Middle area.no opinionnanGreat layouts. Either will work well.I would prefer if we can take the best of both options A and B and still keep the majority of Lake Linganore students in Oakdale feeder. Rather than take Meadows and Balmoral villages (planning blocks 154, 157 and
159) out of Oakdale and sent to Linganore feeder, keep those villages in Oakdale feeder and start Hampton
East and West in Linganore feeder.Option A is the right answer for my family lifeIMO option B is the best option among all the initial concepts and options. Option B can solve the long term
utilization but option A is just short sighted.Option B takes too large an area for Windsor Knolls - kids in the south/southwest part of the county will have to be bused long distances instead of going to UMS as they do now. Importantly, the county would have to greatly improve the 355/75 intersection in order for this option to be safe for additional school buses to be crossing back and forth in the heavy morning and afternoon traffic! There have been many accidents
there.No opinionOption B doesn't make much sense by simply looking at the map.nanUnsureUnsureI want Twin Ridge Students kept in same middle schooloption A is what the community needsNo opinionI think a combo of A and B would be best. Maintain the Oakdale feeder as is in Lake Linganore. Instead of removing Meadows and Balmoral villages (planning blocks 154, 157, 159) as option B suggests, keep those villages in Oakdale feeder as it affects less than 100 students. It keeps the community aspect of Lake Linganore that most residents want to preserve. Hamptons East and West should be part of Linganore
feeder from the beginning.If the new east county elementary school will not be feeding into one middle school, I would like the school to be split 50/50 for middle school. Ideally, it would be nice if the entire elementary school fed into the same
middle school.Please consider in whatever option you choose to keep the Meadows and Balmoral with the rest of their
community.The numbers in option B is just better. Although the utilization in option A can reach <100% in option A, but the projected growth will surpass all the redistricting effort and that ultimately lead to another redistricting. While in MS option B, the utilization of all school remains under 100 or close to 100 which is a
much favorable option and educational welfare is enhanced.NoOne previous option was for PB1 to transition from OES to OMS now it is just the Spring Ridge neighborhood going to GTJMS.  In a previous option they included other communities to enter GTJMS that are closer in proximity than Spring Ridge (PB74, 75, 100 etc).  It is preferred that more than just the Spring Ridge neighborhood be bused across town to alleviate overcrowding issues at OMS which is less than a
couple miles away.They both feel like you didn't take the commute time for these kids into account AT ALLnanOther Thoughts and Observations about Middle School DRAFT Option A and/or BNoSome of the newer schools also have newer/better facilities and it would be great if there were plans in
place to update some of the older schools like NMMS...There is too much on the interactive map for me to clearly understand what will take place with my kids.
Parents need a less complicated version. I tried to search by my address but was unable to enter it.Great middle schoolOption B seems like there are long school bus runs for WKMS.Pinehurst and Summerfield much loser to NMMSOption A splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle School. However, Option B has 100% of TRES population attending Windsor Knolls Middle, maintaining the established Feeder Pattern. Since both options divide the WKMS student population into UHS and LHS, Option B is crucial as it ensures that TRES population is not split twice at the middle school and high school levels.
What do you like about High School DRAFT Option A?
PB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to
LHS.No opinionI disagree with draft B as it moves 18 children from my area to a different middle school. I am for keeping
option A.Either option is fine.Option A splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle School. However, Option B has 100% of TRES population attending Windsor Knolls Middle, maintaining the established Feeder Pattern. Since both options divide the WKMS student population into UHS and LHS, Option B is crucial as it ensures that TRES population is not split twice at the middle school and high school
levels.Option A splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle School. However, Option B has 100% of TRES population attending Windsor Knolls Middle, maintaining the established Feeder Pattern. Since both options divide the WKMS student population into UHS and LHS, Option B is crucial as it ensures that TRES population is not split twice at the middle school and high school
levels.Option A starts separating children from those with whom they have attended elementary school. Only to bring those kids back together for high school. This can cause social issues. Option B, while requires kids to
be bused further and has some splitting for high school, does keep a core group together.Send all of Windsor Knolls to LinganoreInteresting split and change for Lake Linganore residents in Option B... not sure if it's the best solution.nannuetralThe Meadows should not be split from the rest of Lake Linganore. I've heard about an option that would move the meadows back but not the new Hamptons. Our children have already formed tight bonds with all
the areas of LL and should not be split upSame as above- these split feeder patterns should not be the only option available again have not seen one
option that keep classes together.Disappointed the option to have Twin Ridge ES go to NMMS was dropped.   Windsor Knolls has never made sense, especially when NMMS has capacity and is closer.   I HOPE this was not just to satisfy
complaining Urbana parents.PLEASE consider with either option that you keep the established communities of Lake Linganore together (Balmoral / Meadows).  New development can be included with the West Winds and LHS feeders but
Balmoral / Meadows should stay with what they've known for the benefit of the less than 100 kidsBoth drafts are acceptable to me as they both include our PB moving directly from OES to OMS. This is the
closest middle school to our pb/neighborhoodI think the best option relies upon a combo of A and B. Keep planning blocks 154, 157 and 159 in Oakdale feeder. Hamptons East and West should join Linganore feeder with WestWinds. The # of affected students in the aforementioned planning blocks is under 100. Please don't remove them from the schools which almost the entire rest of our community attend. Lake Linganore is an extremely tight-knit, active neighborhood. These kids see their school friends constantly at neighborhood events and activities. Please don't remove them and put them in a feeder with students who's houses they can't walk or ride their bikes
to like they do now.nanOther Thoughts and Observations about Middle School DRAFT Option A and/or BOption A splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle School. However, Option B has 100% of TRES population attending Windsor Knolls Middle, maintaining the established Feeder Pattern. Since both options divide the WKMS student population into UHS and LHS, Option B is crucial as it ensures that TRES population is not split twice at the middle school and high school
levels.No opinionnoOption A splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle School. However, Option B has 100% of TRES population attending Windsor Knolls Middle, maintaining the established Feeder Pattern. Since both options divide the WKMS student population into UHS and LHS, Option B is crucial as it ensures that TRES population is not split twice at the middle school and high school
levels.Option A is a better option because it impacts the least amount of children and on top of that the rates of utilization are far more balanced than in option B. In option B the Lake Linganore community would be impacted twice first at the elementary level and the neighborhoods of the meadows and balmoral will be impacted again at the middle school level splitting to tiny neighborhoods and the kids that belong there greatly. Children in these community have tons of activities related to the schools, the schools is like the meeting ground for their social community lives, they have after school programs, belong to the sport team at the high school , they already have an identity tied to the schools , and they already are going through a split at the elementary level and then they will be split again at the middle school level while deer crossing  is not going to be splitting. This seems to be really unfair to them. Meadows and Balmoral (planning blocks 154,157,159)are two of the most established and older neighborhoods in this area. That is why kids are going to be impacted greatly at every level. My kids have been in this school from the start of their school years and they will be crushed if they have to move.
I want to add that the rate of utilization at the middle school level is for Oakdale Middle in Option A 73% and in Option B 64%. Why would they move these neighborhoods if that rate of utilization is low and not balanced with the higher rate of utilization in the other middle schools in the study . Their projections might not be accurate, our neighborhoods are growing older. The new neighborhoods are being prioritize since the new houses being built in Lake Linganore are being kept in the oakdale feeder, and these new neighborhoods don't have the strong roots and ties the older ones have.  Are we catering to the developer   by excluding the older neighborhood from their community schools and keeping the newer more affluent and proposed new developments?.
Impact on the community was high on the priority list and this option does not seem to be reflecting this since we are splitting a small neighborhood from the community in Lake Linganore for a small benefit in numbers and under utilizing the middle school(oakdale) waiting for the developer to build more houses so we fill the numbers. You don't split a community unless is completely necessary and this does not reflect
that. We are small we are not the size of urbana.Option A is the best optionNo additional thoughts on Option A and B.Prefer option BI do not like how Middle School Option B separates Planning Blocks 154, 157 and 159 from the rest of the
Lake Linganore community.No opinionOption B is better, since it prevents a "double split" of feeder pattern for TRES.  Option A would cause a spit in students from TRES to go to New Market MS and WKMS and then another split from WKMS to UHS and
LHS.During the June meeting, we learned that under Option B the Lake Linganore Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows would be redistricted into the LHS feeder. We were told by Mr. Cropper during the June meeting, that we were moved into the LHS feeder simply to balance an elementary to middle school split and not to alleviate crowding at the middle school or high school level.nanOther Thoughts and Observations about Middle School DRAFT Option A and/or BWe are requesting that the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows be moved back into the OHS feeder under Option B as it does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middle school level and actually better balances out year overcapacity rates between LHS and OHS under this option.
Reasons why:
- Capacity and School Utilization Numbers:
o Balmoral and the Meadows have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is a well- connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these students socially from the greater community.
o Under Option B, moving Balmoral and the Meadows to the LHS feeder has little impact on capacity numbers at all school levels (less than 1 percent). In fact, moving us back to the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B would create a more balanced utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels.
- Redistricting Criteria:
o Per Policy 200.2, the Board set criteria for redistricting that is intended to guide the final decision. During the January voting, community members choose their top three criteria as priorities for consideration. Two of those criteria were Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. Moving us out of the OHS feeder goes against the criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community.
o Our neighborhood was redistricted from LHS into OHS just 8 years ago. It seems due to our location, we could be in a situation of continually flip flopping between feeders as additional schools are build. The Board's criteria also includes keeping redistricting to a minimum.
- Split Feeders:
o It was clear from the March survey that parents prefer to avoid split feeders. Option B creates a split feeder at the elementary level. Additionally, a desire to have an even split moving from one school level to the next is not part of the overall redistricting criteria set forth by the Board and should not take priority over other factors when making a decision to alter an existing feeder pattern.
o Moving us into the NMMS/LHS feeder simply to achieve a 50/50 elementary to middle school split in the near term is not a sound reason to make a drastic change for these students. Hamptons West has yet to be built and could easily provide a better split balance as the homes are developed. As projection numbers are not always correct, trying to achieve a short term balance may result in a long-term imbalance as projection numbers have been incorrect in the past.
- Lastly, the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge had the March Option B (redistricted to GTJMS) removed from consideration as a result of their vocal petition despite the low utilization rate of GTJMS under both of the current options. Clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority  compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. As our recommendation does not create an over capacity situation in either option, we should be afforded the same consideration in order to remain at OMS and OHS.
Thank you for allowing me to express my thoughts and I strongly hope your take our concerns for our children and the community into consideration.nanNo opinionTRES to WKMS doens't make a lot of sense to me.  The WKMS boundaries are so long and skinny that is
doesn't make transportation and/or community involvement a high priorityIt excludes just the neighborhood that I currently live in from the rest of the linganore communityNo thank you.NoAgain, just keep the kids together.  I think it is possible to keep KES intact and send all to WKMS.NoWe are requesting that the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows be moved back into the OHS feeder under Option B as it does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middle school level and actually betternanOther Thoughts and Observations about Middle School DRAFT Option A and/or Bbalances out year overcapacity rates between LHS and OHS under this option. Reasons why:
- Capacity and School Utilization Numbers:
o Balmoral and the Meadows have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is a well connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these students socially from the greater community.
o Under Option B, moving Balmoral and the Meadows to the LHS feeder has little impact on capacity numbers at all school levels (less than 1 percent). In fact, moving us back to the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B would create a more balanced out year utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels.
- Redistricting Criteria:
o Per Policy 200.2, the Board set criteria for redistricting that is intended to guide the final decision. During the January voting, community members choose their top three criteria as priorities for consideration. Two of those criteria were Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. Moving us out of the OHS feeder goes against the criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community.
o Our neighborhood was redistricted from LHS into OHS just 8 years ago. It seems due to our location, we could be in a situation of continually flip flopping between feeders as additional schools are built. The Board's criteria also includes keeping redistricting to a minimum.
- Split Feeders:
o It was clear from the March survey that parents prefer to avoid split feeders. Option B creates a split feeder at the elementary level. Additionally, a desire to have an even split moving from one school level to the next is not part of the overall redistricting criteria set forth by the Board and should not take priority over other factors when making a decision to alter an existing feeder pattern.
o Moving us into the NMMS/LHS feeder simply to achieve a 50/50 elementary to middle school split in the near term is not a sound reason to make a drastic change for these students. Hamptons West has yet to be built and could easily provide a better split balance as the homes are developed. As projection numbers are not always correct, trying to achieve a short term balance may result in a long-term imbalance as projection numbers have been incorrect in the past.
o Lastly, the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge had the March Option B (redistricted to GTJMS) removed from consideration as a result of their vocal petition despite the low utilization rate of GTJMS under both of the current options. Clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. As our recommendation
does not create an over capacity situation in either option, we should be afforded the same consideration in order to remain at OMS and OHS.Option A is our hope and all I can say is it is as simple as keeping the kids in the Lake Linganore Community together.  Option B is not a good choice for our Meadows neighborhood because the kids will
be separated from their neighbors in Lake Linganore.Option A makes no sense.   Pinehurst and summerfield are so much closer  to NMMS.Why send the furthest neighborhood to New Market middle?  Pinehurst and Summerfield are so much closer.   Wouldn't middle schools be relieved by sending Woodridge to TJMS? How about the neighborhoods across 144 from Spring Ridge. Those neighborhoods are closer to TJ middle/high school
than Spring ridge.NoWe are requesting that the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows be moved back into the OHS feeder under Option B as it does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middle school level and actually betternanOther Thoughts and Observations about Middle School DRAFT Option A and/or Bbalances out year overcapacity rates between LHS and OHS under this option. Reasons why:
- Capacity and School Utilization Numbers:
o Balmoral and the Meadows have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is a well connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these students socially from the greater community.
o Under Option B, moving Balmoral and the Meadows to the LHS feeder has little impact on capacity numbers at all school levels (less than 1 percent). In fact, moving us back to the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B would create a more balanced out year utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels.
- Redistricting Criteria:
o Per Policy 200.2, the Board set criteria for redistricting that is intended to guide the final decision. During the January voting, community members choose their top three criteria as priorities for consideration. Two of those criteria were Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. Moving us out of the OHS feeder goes against the criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community.
o Our neighborhood was redistricted from LHS into OHS just 8 years ago. It seems due to our location, we could be in a situation of continually flip flopping between feeders as additional schools are build. The Board's criteria also includes keeping redistricting to a minimum.
- Split Feeders:
o It was clear from the March survey that parents prefer to avoid split feeders. Option B creates a split feeder at the elementary level. Additionally, a desire to have an even split moving from one school level to the next is not part of the overall redistricting criteria set forth by the Board and should not take priority over other factors when making a decision to alter an existing feeder pattern.
o Moving us into the NMMS/LHS feeder simply to achieve a 50/50 elementary to middle school split in the near term is not a sound reason to make a drastic change for these students. Hamptons West has yet to be built and could easily provide a better split balance as the homes are developed. As projection numbers are not always correct, trying to achieve a short term balance may result in a long-term imbalance as projection numbers have been incorrect in the past.
o Lastly, the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge had the March Option B (redistricted to GTJMS) removed from consideration as a result of their vocal petition despite the low utilization rate of GTJMS under both of the current options. Clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. As our recommendation does not create an over capacity situation in either option, we should be afforded the same consideration in order to remain at OMS and OHS.
The new Hamptons neighborhoods should go to NMMS and LHS because they have no established feeder patterns.N/ananOption A splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle School. However, Option B has 100% of TRES population attending Windsor Knolls Middle, maintaining the established Feeder Pattern. Since both options divide the WKMS student population into UHS and LHS, Option B is crucial as it ensures that TRES population is
not split twice at the middle school and high school levels.NopeWhile I think most people would prefer to go to a middle school that is closer (Oakdale) than tj, I think it
makes the most sense for springridge to go to tj middle when considering all the factors.NoneI think it's ridiculous for kids to spend over half an hour on the bus when there are muddle schools closer. I also don't like joining a community for middle school upon which the majority will be together for the span
of k-12. Meanwhile the smaller portion misses out during formative social years.NoNo opinionI would prefer that all neighborhoods with access to gas house pike be switched to NMMS and Linganore High School particularly my community of Woodridge in lake Linganore to decrease driving distance and
traffic navigation for young drivers in the future.You are putting an entire neighborhood at a higher risk of being involved in an accident due to such a long
bus ride .  That will be on your shoulders if that happens.nanOther Thoughts and Observations about Middle School DRAFT Option A and/or BI do not like that the small section of kids in PB 29 and 167 that would be redistricted to Urbana Elm (from Kemptown), would then only be attending middle school with 30% of their peers.  This is unnecessarily
isolating to this community.I felt that the option A was the better choice.  It really take the neighborhoods in account and keeps
neighbors together better.NoSee abovePlease consider the kids slated for Windsor knolls who live 30 minutes away and bring them closerOption B seems to be better for the long term future, although the Windsor Knolls district is very spread outKeep Lake Linganore as one community. Do NOT separate out if the impact on schools is inconsequential.Keep Lake Linganore as one community. Do NOT separate out if the impact on schools is inconsequential.I much prefer option A over option Boption AIn both option A and option B our specific village (Woodridge) of lake linganore is going to the Oakdale MS. I am VERY pleased BOTH of these options for my children for several reasons.  The community will remain closely connected with a large bulk of the other villages in Lake Linganore as they both keep a steady feeder
pattern with multiple villages.NaI strongly feel DRAFT Option A is a better option for the Lake Linganore community. DRAFT B separates our connected community. I feel a better option would be to place the Meadows and Balmoral back into the OMS/OHS feeder pattern. Please creat a DRAFT B where the Meadows and Balmoral continue in the
OMS/OHS feeder pattern.No opinionI am disappointed that loud voices took away a plan that allowed my kids to attend a school that is closer to me.  The middle schoolers in my neighborhood are on buses for almost 45 minutes to get to school.  New
market is under capacity and closer for our kids.  Why did that get taken off the tabkeThank you so much for listening to the Villages of Urbana/Urbana Highlands residents in regards to the
surveys in April. Thank you for keeping us together.We are requesting that the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows, planning blocks 154,157,159 be moved back into the OHS feeder under Option B as it does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middlenanOther Thoughts and Observations about Middle School DRAFT Option A and/or Bschool level and actually better balances out year overcapacity rates between LHS and OHS under this option. Reasons why:
- Capacity and School Utilization Numbers:
o Balmoral and the Meadows have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is a well connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these students socially from the greater community.
o Under Option B, moving Balmoral and the Meadows to the LHS feeder has little impact on capacity numbers at all school levels (less than 1 percent). In fact, moving us back to the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B would create a more balanced out year utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels.
- Redistricting Criteria:
o Per Policy 200.2, the Board set criteria for redistricting that is intended to guide the final decision. During the January voting, community members choose their top three criteria as priorities for consideration. Two of those criteria were Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. Moving us out of the OHS feeder goes against the criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community.
o Our neighborhood was redistricted from LHS into OHS just 8 years ago. It seems due to our location, we could be in a situation of continually flip flopping between feeders as additional schools are built. The Board's criteria also includes keeping redistricting to a minimum.
- Split Feeders:
o It was clear from the March survey that parents prefer to avoid split feeders. Option B creates a split feeder at the elementary level. Additionally, a desire to have an even split moving from one school level to the next is not part of the overall redistricting criteria set forth by the Board and should not take priority over other factors when making a decision to alter an existing feeder pattern.
o Moving us into the NMMS/LHS feeder simply to achieve a 50/50 elementary to middle school split in the near term is not a sound reason to make a drastic change for these students. Hamptons West has yet to be built and could easily provide a better split balance as the homes are developed. As projection numbers are not always correct, trying to achieve a short term balance may result in a long-term imbalance as projection numbers have been incorrect in the past.
o Lastly, the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge had the March Option B (redistricted to GTJMS) removed from consideration as a result of their vocal petition despite the low utilization rate of GTJMS under both of the current options. Clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. As our recommendation
does not create an over capacity situation in either option, we should be afforded the same consideration in order to remain at OMS and OHS.Option A keeps or community together while option B will break out some families in the Meadows. It would be nice if those students could stay in the Oakdale feeder program and make new developments start
in the NMES, LMS and LHS.Option A will be a disaster for FCPS in the coming yearsBoth options are well designed. I like the option B better, because it make school utilization more balanced
in the next 10 years.NoNo opinionEstablished feeder patterns.
Option A offers Excessive Feeder Pattern Splits, with Kemptown Elementary Bearing the Burden of thenanOther Thoughts and Observations about Middle School DRAFT Option A and/or BSplit.
Option A Offers a Disruptive 3 Transitions for Kemptown Elementary students in Elementary, Middle, and High school.
Option A redistricts 31% of the Kemptown Elementary population (PB29 and PB167) to Urbana Elementary, thereby isolating two Kemptown communities from the other 69% of Kemptown.  An additional split occurs in Option A when 32% of Urbana Elementary matriculates to WKMS, the majority (66%) being from PB29 and PB167.   It appears by the numbers that PB29 and PB167 are only moved into the UES boundary to balance the feeder split percentages between UMS and WKMS, which is not a justifiable reason to split 31% of elementary students from their current school and deplete the KES enrollment.
Option A creates an unnecessary and addition split of an elementary school pattern, uprooting 31% of the KES population 2 times between elementary school and middle school.  This redistricting proposal causes the students from PB29 and PB167 to be a virtual island, as they are separated from their peers once again. For some students, these two disruptive changes will occur within two years of each other, as PB29 and PB167 comprise two thirds of the students moving from UES to WKMS.
After middle school, some of these same students will face yet another split from their peers, as Option A sends 71% of WKMS students to Linganore HS and 29% to Urbana HS, while Option B sends 60% of WKMS students to Linganore HS and 40% to Urbana HS.
In summary, the Kemptown Community bears an unnecessary and undue redistricting burden under Option A. When one considers that the Kemptown community, which matriculates to WKMS, will be split between LHS and UHS, it is unjust to further split this community at the young elementary level as well. For, in Option A, some students will be plucked from Kemptown Elementary School (where some will have attended for four years) and redistricted to Urbana Elementary School; then, they are removed from the Urbana Community back to their former KES community at Windsor Knolls Middle, only to be split a third time between Linganore High School and Urbana High.  Optimally, the FCPS redistricting committee stated that they found two redistricting splits disruptive; the committee prefers no more than one split.  Option A is, thus, in direct contrast to the aims of the LOU Redistricting Committee  Option B better supports the  aims of the committee, for it affords a more sensible opportunity; in maintaining the current boundary for PB29 and PB167, it maintains only one split of the KES community at the high school level, permitting 100% of their elementary school to move to WKMS and ensuring feeder patterns are not excessively disrupted.
For Option B, Option B has PB179 at Twin Ridge Elementary, followed by Windsor Knolls Middle, and then Urbana High. This will socially isolate this planning block since all but PB179 at Twin Ridge will go to
Linganore.No commentAdding Balmoral/Meadows villages back to Oakdale MS in option B would not negatively impact capacity
and enhance physical and social interactions of my children with peers in the lake linganore communityIt makes no sense our neighborhood goes to TJMSNoSending TRES to WKMS is not the best option. The students are on the bus for 45+mins. New Market Middle is right down the road and where our students used to go. While Option A sends some of TRES to NEw Market, but it breaks students and neighborhood up. Keep all of TRES together and send them all to New Market. That was an option the first time around. Their are other students closer to WKMS then TRES
students. If Urbana MS is over crowded then They need to be the ones moved. Make room for them by taking TRES out of WKMS.I don't understand why the Lake Linganore Villages of Balmoral and Meadows were moved to the NMMS/LHS feeder under Option B. It does not seem necessary for capacity reasons as the projected capacity rate will actually be higher at LHS under this option then it would be at OHS in 2028. And this option was not part of any of the original options presented to the community; in fact I know some in the neighborhood are still unaware that a new option was created. Furthermore it goes against the preferred criteria of Established Feeders and Impact on Communities. Seems odd to move this small group of students to a new middle/high school feeder. It would isolate them from the greater Lake Linganore community. If this option is chosen, I would hope the BOE would consider grandfathering in more than just high school seniors as it is essentially removing 20-30 students at each grade level and placing them in a new school.
That seems unfair socially. Current per grade enrollment is roughly 250 students at the middle school level and 400 at the high school level. Why move such a small number of students? It's doesn't achieve the goal of reducing capacity at the high school level. I don't understand what it achieves. And never mind we were
just redistricted to OHS only 8 years ago. Why ping pong us back again?nanOther Thoughts and Observations about Middle School DRAFT Option A and/or BWe are slated to go to Windsor Knolls either way and believe this is best for our children.Yes to Option A. No to Option B. See above.Please adhere to your redistricting criteria.Draft B allows our kids, who have developed relationships with their classmates through elementary school
to further grow these relationships as they continue to grow into the teen years.I don't think it makes sense to send Spring Ridge to TJ when Oakdale is so close.No. Both options OK for us.nonoI don't like either plan.  Twin Ridge students north of I-70 should be routed to New Market.NonanNoNot having a bus will create massive migration.  Need to address efficiency and safety.With youth sports programs and other activities that cross middle school borders, I'd be less concerned
about split middle school feeder patterns.NoOur middle school does not change,  With that I feel that our children are being transported by bus to long
and far when there are other zoning block that are in close proximity to the middle school. we live close to a school that take less than 5 minutes to get to and are being forced to travel closer to 30 minutesPlease do no re-district West Winds againI would like for my kids to go to school with the same kids for elementary, middle and high.  Under the middle school draft A, they would go to middle with more kids that they went to elementary with than
under draft B.I think Option A is the better one.  Students at Windser Knolls would be too spread out around the county
for option B.Option A appears to have the best potential to minimize bus and transportation costs.Why is Spring Ridge travelling so far when Oakdale is closer and other students that are closer to TJ go to Oakdale.  Just because new developments advertised Oakdale schools does not mean the School Board should put their demands over existing developments.  Maybe this is a monetary thing with the county but
it is ridiculous.Would rather be at Oakdale all the way through being that we are around the corner from there.I don't understand why my child is being separated from her friends from Oakdale to go to TJ Middle.  I drive past the middle school everyday to pick up my child from the elementary school and now she is being
sent to a totally different middle school just to return to Oakdale HighOption B moves my kids for three years away from there friends they got to know for six years. My house is slated to move to Windors Knolls with kids he didn't attend ES with. It is such a small percentage that's goes to Windors Knolls with option B  why move them? Our house was built in the 70's one of the originals to
attend Urbana ES,MS and HS. Why change now?Nothing changed for our MS placementI'm in favor of both optionsI prefer option A because it keeps the community together.Dislike the fact that half of Spring Ridge has to bus so far to TJ when Oakdale is closerI find it completely ridiculous that Spring Ridge is the ONLY neighborhood that has to go across town to go to middle school. It is a 20 min bus ride. Could be 5 min. There are other neighborhoods CLOSER to the
school than spring ridge yet they still go to OMS.Don't like LHS has 3 separate MS feeders with Option A.both option feed to Windsor KnollsI am exceedingly upset about the removal of capacity relief from Urbana Middle School.  In March, we were told that UMS capacity was 900 students.  In June, this has magically expanded to 1020, seemingly to appease a vocal minority of Urbana residents.  I would far rather my children go to a school that is adequately sized and resourced for the student population than to continue to attend overpopulated schools
- even if that means changing schools.  Thanks to this process caving to unreasonable demands, my children
- who have never had the benefit of attending a school that is at 100% or less capacity - will continue to be crowded into a facility not intended to handle the student body.  This is unfair to all students, and particularly to my autistic son who will have to navigate the overcrowded hallways of Urbana Middle
School for the next three years.My only concern in option B is the area included within the WKMS attendance area- this seems very large and could create issues for parents getting students to and from school events and allowing participation to all students.  Additionally, WKMS is an older school with existing issues with consistent electricity supply
and plumbing.  How will this be addressed if/when there is a higher load at the school?nanOther Thoughts and Observations about Middle School DRAFT Option A and/or BKeeping parts of Lake Linganore that currently go to OMS and OHS, still going to OMS and OHS is a
priority for that communityThis is in regard to Option B:  the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge had the March Option B (redistricted to GTJMS) removed from consideration as a result of their vocal petition despite the low utilization rate of GTJMS under both of the current options. Clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. My comments re Option B does not create an over capacity situation (in either option A or B), therefore, we should be afforded the same consideration in order to remain at OMS and OHS.  Also, Moving us out of the OHS feeder goes against the criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our
neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community.i love option AIt makes no sense that  the Spring Ridge community  goes to TJMS when bigger closer neighborhoods like Tulip Hill and Tallen Ridge go to OMS. Why would the school district pay to bus the Spring Ridge kids out
of the OMS area and bus the Tallen Ridge/Tulip Hill kids from TJMS area to OMS?With Option A I am concerned that Oakdale Middle will become overcrowded  in a few years. I prefer
Option B.Prefer that TJ Middle not be brought back as an optionIt makes absolutely no sense to bus Spring Ridge kids to TJMSNoA keeps most Urbana togetherNo opinionI like Option A the best.I hate that we live in spring ridge and live so close to oakdale middle school and have to go to the other side
of town to Thomas Johnson middle school.Option A splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle School. However, Option B has 100% of TRES population attending Windsor Knolls Middle, maintaining the established Feeder Pattern. Since both options divide the WKMS student population into UHS and LHS, Option B is crucial as it ensures that TRES population is not split twice at the middle school and high school
levels.NoGreat improvement over the first draftsShould probably shift more rural areas from Urbana to Windsor Knolls MS. These are all areas for bussing
anyway and would lead to more coherent demographics for both schools.Concerned that Option B would add too many students to Windsor Knolls and added traffic to 70 and
especially 75, which is already increasing because of build-outs in other areas.Both options A and B are great!Option A splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle
School.Thanks for taking the feedback that was presented.NoA splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle School. However, Option B has 100% of TRES population attending Windsor Knolls Middle, maintaining the established Feeder Pattern. Since both options divide the WKMS student population into UHS and LHS, Option B is crucial as it ensures that TRES population is not split twice at the middle school and high school
levels.No thoughtsI would like my kids to stay within same feeder pattern and at schools that are closest to our home.Although both options keep our neighborhood together, they both make us travel 20 minutes (with no
traffic) to a middle school when there is a middle school 3 miles away.Why not build a middle school now to address the problem that will occur once these elementary kids grow up? Also why not charge a 1% fee to all new houses built and sold to pay for the foundation of the new
schools required?I would prefer if the children can be kept with as many elementary classmates as possible to help ease the
transition.nanOption B does not provide any utilization relief while impacting twice as many kids. Impact for a reason is understandable but this option does not achieve the intended goal. In addition option B has WKMS
covering a very large area which means long bus rides for the kids.Both do not have an effect on our areananOther Thoughts and Observations about Middle School DRAFT Option A and/or BNot alleviating the overcrowding issues at OMS.  Why is Talon Ridge going to OMS and not TJMS????????? It's a new community and the school is already overcrowded.  New developments that are not close to a
school should not be able to go to an already overcrowded school.I prefer A but I like them both.Option B splits off portions of Linganore that doesn't make sense for neighborhood continuity.No opinionNo commentoption B divides the linganore communityOption A appears to make the most sense as far as distribution among neighborhoods.These options are a VAST improvement over the earlier designs.  Thank you!Option A offers Excessive Feeder Pattern Splits, with Kemptown Elementary Bearing the Burden of the Split. Option A Offers a Disruptive 3 Transitions for Kemptown Elementary students in Elementary,
Middle, and High school.School bus is importantnanNothing. I am
In the landsdale community and I am not happy bout the change. I would like the schooling to stay as is.Not at this timeNoWe are requesting that the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows be moved back into the OHS feeder under Option B as it does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middle school level and actually better balances out year overcapacity rates between LHS and OHS under this option. Reasons why:
- Capacity and School Utilization Numbers:
o Balmoral and the Meadows have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is a well connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these students socially from the greater community.
o Under Option B, moving Balmoral and the Meadows to the LHS feeder has little impact on capacity numbers at all school levels (less than 1 percent). In fact, moving us back to the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B would create a more balanced out year utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels.
- Redistricting Criteria:
o Per Policy 200.2, the Board set criteria for redistricting that is intended to guide the final decision. During the January voting, community members choose their top three criteria as priorities for consideration. Two of those criteria were Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. Moving us out of the OHS feeder goes against the criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community.
o Our neighborhood was redistricted from LHS into OHS just 8 years ago. It seems due to our location, we could be in a situation of continually flip flopping between feeders as additional schools are built. The Board's criteria also includes keeping redistricting to a minimum.
- Split Feeders:
o It was clear from the March survey that parents prefer to avoid split feeders. Option B creates a split feeder at the elementary level. Additionally, a desire to have an even split moving from one school level to the next is not part of the overall redistricting criteria set forth by the Board and should not take priority over other factors when making a decision to alter an existing feeder pattern.
o Moving us into the NMMS/LHS feeder simply to achieve a 50/50 elementary to middle school split in the near term is not a sound reason to make a drastic change for these students. Hamptons West has yet to be built and could easily provide a better split balance as the homes are developed. As projection numbers are not always correct, trying to achieve a short term balance may result in a long-term imbalance as projection numbers have been incorrect in the past.
o Lastly, the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge had the March Option B (redistricted to GTJMS) removed from consideration as a result of their vocal petition despite the low utilization rate of GTJMS under both of the current options. Clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. As our recommendation does not create an over capacity situation in either option, we should be afforded the same consideration in
order to remain at OMS and OHS.I do not think Blue Heron ES should be split up for middle school at all. There should be consistent feeder
patterns for these students.I'm glad to see you are attempting to keep communities together.Im concerned about over- enrollment given current development in the area.nanOther Thoughts and Observations about Middle School DRAFT Option A and/or BI vote BMS Option A has too wide of a difference in feeder patterns for WKMS--71% to LHS and 29% to UHS. Option B is a better balance at 60% to LHS and 40% to UHS.  Option B thus has a better chance of students
having friends who will be going to the same high school as them.No opinionWe are pleased that our planning block 63 is now staying in the Oakdale feeder for both optionsNoNoneThe students attending Twin Ridge Elementary School are less than 100 students per grade.  The majority of these students have been together for six years as they attended elementary school.  It makes no sense to split these students up and have them separate between two different middle schools.  It is a big unknown step going from elementary school to middle school.  With all the hormones going on with these students it adds a layer of stress to know that your best friends are going to a different middle school and you will be separated for a couple of years.  Middle School are the hardest years as these students grow into their adult bodies.
Additionally, for those living close to I-70, it makes no sense to have students commute for over 30 minutes on bus to get to their middle school.  And for those who have to get to work, it is not an easy path to drive if your child is a car rider.  The risk of accident from the multitude of deer crossing the road is increased with
the path from Mount Airy to Windsor Knolls.Option B does not provide any utilization relief while impacting twice as many kids as Option A. I understand the need to redistrict to reduce overcrowding and realize that some kids are going to be impacted, however the impact has to be towards achieving the goals. In addition option B has WKMS
covering a very large area which means long bus rides for the kids.The meadows village should stay together with their community neighbors throughout school and not be
separated in middle and high schoolnanNo opinionOption B causes a huge divide to our community. The amount of students at the MS level in the Balmoral/Meadows community is less than 1%. Moving them does not relieve overcrowding. It also doesn't help demographically. It's one of the older communities in LL so it adds no financial value to Linganore
Feeder Pattern.NoSpring Ridge residents should be attending OMS. It makes logistical sense.Please consider making the Urbana/Linganore split more of a 50/50 split.Same comment as for the elementary school options. "Even splits" is not a criterion for consideration.Thank you for listening to our neighborhood's previous comments and incorporating them into your final
two optionsNONoEstablished Feeder Patterns remain more Consistent in Option B, benefiting Twin Ridge Elementary and Urbana Elementary:
A splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle School. However, Option B has 100% of TRES population attending Windsor Knolls Middle, maintaining the established Feeder Pattern. Since both options divide the WKMS student population into UHS and LHS, Option B is crucial as it ensures that TRES population is not split twice at the middle school and high school
levels.Not at this time since my kids aren't school aged yet but one of the main reasons we recently moved into the
neighborhood was for the Oakdale schools.Spring Ridge is significantly closer to OMS. Compared to some neighborhoods like Tulip Hill and Tallyn
Ridge, they are significantly closer to TJMS.Strictly speaking to UMS and WKMS, a combination of A and B might be best for WKMS. Considering future growth, WKMS might be best utilized to both relieve overcrowding of UMS and to have students
from the current upper portion attend a middle school nearer to their neighborhoods.My response to each option is the same: It is important to keep kids in the same feeder for all three levels of ES, MS, HS. Looking at the maps, I am thinking Option B keeps more of the kids together for all 3 levels.
Option B will also prevent overcrowding at Oakdale High and Oakdale Middle, especially as the
developments near those schools continue to grow.nanOther Thoughts and Observations about Middle School DRAFT Option A and/or BOption B splits 2 neighborhoods off from the entire Lake Linganore community. We all share amenities, sports teams, etc. Furthermore, it divides an elementary school in half - if all of the new school (Blue Heron)
were going to NMES, it would be a more appealing option.noNo opinionUnfortunately, the redistricting process is inherently flawed because it only involves a portion of the county. This places immediate limitations on where students and communities can attend schools and where individual planning blocks can shift to; thus this process is less responsive to the population growth of the county.  For example, only addressing the portion of students attending TJ Middle residing east of the Monacacy River rather than all students attending, or who could attend, TJ Middle places severe limitations on options for shifting planning blocks to fully utilize TJ Middle.  I don't believe you can adequately or equitably address the redistricting needs of the county by doing a partial redistricting of the county.  We need to get this right.  We need full county redistricting.  It's better to take the time to get it right than to push through a partial attempt that gets it wrong for years to come and that is more costly.  The question is,
who is brave enough to do what's right?Only redistricting part of the county limits where students and communities can attend schools and where individual planning blocks can shift to.  You cannot address the needs of the county by only doing a partial
redistricting of the county.Established Feeder Patterns remain more Consistent in Option B, benefiting Twin Ridge Elementary and Urbana Elementary:
A splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle School. However, Option B has 100% of TRES population attending Windsor Knolls Middle, maintaining the established Feeder Pattern. Since both options divide the WKMS student population into UHS and LHS, Option B is crucial as it ensures that TRES population is not split twice at the middle school and high school
levels.Moving the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows (PB 154/157/159) out of the OHS feeder in Option B goes against the Board criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community. It was clear from the March survey that parents prefer to avoid split feeders. Option B creates a split feeder at the elementary level. Additionally, a desire to have an even split moving from one school  level to the next is not part of the overall redistricting criteria set forth by the Board and should not take
priority over other factors.Yes.  SR should attend Oakdale MS.  Why isn't there an option with this possibility?  Options A and B are nearly the same so there is essentially only one option for SR, which makes this survey somewhat of a waste
of time as it doesn't give the public a distinct set of alternatives.NoIf option B addresses issues related to overcrowding in Urbana MS, then option B would be my preference.
However, I do not feel strongly either way.Breaking up the Meadows and Balmoral into the LHS feeder seems short sighted.A splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle School. However, Option B has 100% of TRES population attending Windsor Knolls Middle, maintaining the established Feeder Pattern. Since both options divide the WKMS student population into UHS and LHS, Option B is crucial as it ensures that TRES population is not split twice at the middle school and high school
levels.Established Feeder Patterns remain more Consistent in Option B, benefiting Twin Ridge Elementary and Urbana Elementary:
A splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle School. However, Option B has 100% of TRES population attending Windsor Knolls Middle, maintaining the established Feeder Pattern. Since both options divide the WKMS student population into UHS and LHS, Option B is crucial as it ensures that TRES population is not split twice at the middle school and high school
levels.NothingOption B goes all along south boarder and pulls kids to another middle school. A much better.nanOther Thoughts and Observations about Middle School DRAFT Option A and/or BPolicy 200.2 lists impact on neighborhoods and communities as a guiding factor. By moving only the villages of Meadows and Balmoral in option B to a new middle and high school, those villages and the larger Lake Linganore community will be adversely impacted. The villages that border Boyers Mill Rd. and this side of Eaglehead Dr. are deeply connected, not only by school relationships but through community events such as our farmers markets, concerts, annual festivals, our trails, pools, beaches, and the lake.
Residents of Meadows and Balmoral walk to events and amenities.  Children bike, walk, and scooter to friend's houses between the villages on either side of Boyers Mill Rd. By separating the small number of students in planning blocks 154, 157, and 159 from their friends and classmates and sending them to new middle and high schools, you will be socially isolating them.  Those friendships will fade and children will not be able to walk or bike to the homes of new friends from New Market Middle School or Linganore HS. The new, not yet built neighborhoods of Hamptons East and West could attend NMMS and LHS without this adverse effect because those residents have not established relationships with residents of other villages through school. They will form those friendships at Blue Heron Elementary. Let our middle and high school students keep the close friendships they have formed at Deer Crossing ES by staying together at Oakdale
MS and HS.The increase in the WKMS District is too drastic.Keep neighborhoods together please! For everyone's sake.No opinionWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option A?Nothing!!! Keep Landsdale at UHS.Stinks. You placed Landsdale in the least popular zone. You did not respect our initial survey results and
thoughts. You have an already determined agenda; that much has been made clear this week.NothingI am very unhappy with the drafts for the high school.  They were changed quick drastically from the previous drafts.  Landsdale- like it or not is a large community.  Our children will now have to ride a bus longer and will have to sit in traffic as the road infrastructure is not up to par with traveling with the number of children that will need to be bused to school.  Is the county planning on fixing Ed McClean road so buses can travel on it?  Will lights be put in so left hand turns can be made safely from Ed McClean onto Fingerboard road?  Will the lights be fixed so left hand turns can be made from Fingerboard road to 75?
The students will be forced to sit and wait on lights, travel on buses longer due to the change from Urbana High School to Lingadore High School.  The county needs to work together to help with these problems.  I know people in Monrovia are not happy about Landsdale, it is very evident in the previous survey and in the RALE community. Unfortunately, Landsdale and its occupants are not going anywhere and the community is going to get larger.  At some point, Monrovia is going to have to accept this.  As a community, we want to work to create an environment where everyone can work together.  Changes in life happen- elected officials need to work together- the school board and the county planners to fix the infrastructure  so children can travel safely to and from school.
I understand the need to changing the feeder programs as schools are at capacity, but I am struggling with the county's lack of planning to continue to plan. The powerpoint slides state this will only help in the short term.   The county needs to continue to consider long term plans and it can't continue to be we'll get to it.
Frederick is a large growing area, please consider the safety of my child and the other children in my
neighborhood as our plan continues to put them in harms way.Linganore is a new builder and I;ve heard good things about itI think Lake Linganore is a good school, but is not the appropriate school for our neighborhood based on
proximity. Also, the roads to get there from Landsdale seem very dangerous for massive school transit.Nothing. Originally we had 3 possible options, two of which kept our two students at Urbana HS. And now we have 2 possible options with neither one keeping them there? Don't tell me all the schools are good, we know that. But you're going to be uprooting two straight-A students who love their school, their friendships they cultivated, and who play on the schools sports teams and force them to go to another school which is farther away. This is pure crap. And when you look at the map (we live in Landsdale, just down Fingerboard Road from UHS), our neighborhood has been carved out of the Urbana district to be included into the Linganore district. WHY?!?! There are folks further away from Urbana (Kemptown, Green Valley,
etc) who could be sent up to Linganore. Look, I know this comes with a growing community, but it doesn't mean I have to be happy about it. This is just crap. My kids desperately want to remain at Urbana HS.I am thrilled that this option keeps the Spring Ridge community at Oakdale High School.  It is the closest high school to the community and many students have older siblings who have already gone through OHS, so it is nice that families who have already built a sense of school pride and have become immersed in that
school community can continue.Love it!NothingHow did we go from three draft options with two showing Landsdale staying with Urbana.  Then all voting suggested agreement with either of those two plans.  Now we have two new plans neither of which show Landsdale going to Urbana; the by far closest school.  There are unsafe roads and a much longer distance for
our community to go to Linganore.We remain in the OHS district which is goodIt keeps the Meadows together in the same schools.no opinionI like that the neighborhoods aren't divided by streets to go to different high schools.  I prefer and entire community or neighborhood go to the same school.  We are a very close community that rely on each other
for activities, carpools, family management.  I like that it allows for the current feeder pattern.It keeps our current feeder to Oakdale HS.continue to NOT support this option due to KES families being switched to UESKeeps Meadows / Balmoral with the rest of their communitymy children will be in the same school that they have started; my before and aftercare providers will be able
to still help my children, and they will not be psychologically stressIt keeps my girls in Oakdale High, one of the main deciding factors on moving here.Feeder patterngreatWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option A?I like Option A.Closest to home affording walking not drivingIt keeps all the neighborhoods of LL together, as they have been.Thank you so much for not having Westwinds go to Oakdale in either option.  This made no sense me to
even be considered.  Thanks for correcting this in the new options.We stay in the same school.makes senseNOGoodI don't like it since we are changing from Urbana HSStudents will still attend Linganore HS, shortest bus/drive.Keeps our kids with their friends going to OakdaleThe Meadows and Balmoral are two closely linked neighborhoods within LLA that would be excluded from attending school in the same district as the rest of LLA that share Boyers Mill as the main entrance/exit to their villages.  Unlike West Winds, which already has an exclusive entrance/exit along Gas House Pike, and
also has their own covenants within the LLA, the Meadows and Balmoral should not be separated.High School option, I am happy with either wayStaying in the OHS feederOption A keeps the Meadows in the Oakdale feeder pattern.Not much - way too over crowdedGood Option Thank youThat my neighborhood is in the same school district.Keeps the Meadows at Oakdale.the students stay in the same middle and high schoolCapacity relief, although it is short termNothing.It keeps the Eaglehead at Linganore boundaries intact.These options are the same for us either way, and I am fine with that.No changes for us from our current options -so happy to stay in the neighborhood schoolThe lake Linganore community should be kept in the same Oakdale school districtnothingNo issuesIt really keeps communities together. I appreciate the time and effort put into planning this option.That it no longer includes Lansdale at UHS, which is only 1/3 built and would cause even more overcrowding at an already overcrowded high school. It's also smaller in general and doesn't include some
of the Windsor Knolls/Kemptown area which is also good.The Meadows stays in Oakdale high as promised when purchasing our home. The lake community is not
split up.ProximityProximityMy kids stay at UrbanaHelps keep the Linganore community together in the most consistent way.  By consistent, I mean in terms of
how the current patterns are set up.  It also is the least damaging to the relationships in the community.It would allow my children to continue on their paths at Oakdale MS and HighThe villages of Lake Linganore are together through middle and high school as they are now. It seems unfair to cut off one village from the rest. Like Woodridgge was disappointed, with the first round, it is disappointing to see that now the Meadow and Balmoral are split. This confuses me since Pinehurst and Summerfield are closer to NMMS. I would love to see villages stay together and at the closest location. if
things gave to be divided, it makes more sense to me to divide the new houses not the established.EverythingProvides more relief to the Urbana, which is the most over capacity.Meadows/Balmoral stay with the rest of the community.  This greatly impacts neighborhood friendships
and sense of unityNothing  - moves children completely from UrbanaMy daughter will remain in same school she began inLike eitherIt keeps the whole Urbana area together.Wonderful!!!No opinion. It doesn't change for us.Like itnanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option A?Kids feed from oakdale middle to oakdale highFineNothingNothing, We live in the Lansdale community and would like to keep Urbana High as our high school optionI like that my son will go to LinganoreWorks great again kids can walk or bike homeNeighborhoods not being splitOur High School remainsKeep kids in the neighborhood in the same schoolnothing.I don't.No changeIt provides relief to Urbana High school- even if temporaryNo opinionnaKeeps Urbana togetherKeeps neighborhoods togetherNothing at allIt returns those 18 kids to their community HSOption A is great - keeps all Linganore kids that have been together since K together through high schoolKeep the lake Linganore community togetherEVERYTHINGKeeps our kids togetherEVERYTHINGI like that most Linganore communities are staying as is and will continue to attend OHS.i would like to see the lake linganore kids all go to the same high schoolWest winds should stay at NMHSIt keeps the community togetherMy daughter will remain in same school she began inLandsdale should go to Urbana HSKeep community togetherIt keeps lake Linganore together. Moving the kids out of the schools that they have gone through all of their
childhood leads to drug problems, issues with learning, and general lack of pride.Maintains feedersWest Winds should go to Linganore HSSame schoolAgain, this keeps all of the existing kids from Lake Linganore together. Less transitions for the families. This
option keeps a larger portion of kids together for elementary, middle, and high.We are within Oakdale HS boundary linesNo concerns as my kids stay at Urbana which is walking distance from my home.Moves too many children out of UHS & into LHS. Divides up the KES feeder pattern when these kids have been in school together for 10+ yrs.  The neighborhoods off Rt 80 (Manorwood/Sam Hill/Skyview) & Kemptown Church Rd neighborhoods are established neighborhoods that are decreasing in size and will not add to the overcrowding at UHS. It's smart to move Landsdale to LHS because of the projected growth
in that area since it is a new neighborhood with lots of younger families.It keeps my children in Urbana.I like this one.  This doesn't affect my child.  I like how it's not breaking up neighborhoods.Our kids do, and will continue to attend Urbana HS which is our local high school.It will relieve some pressure for Urbana HS.I like that it brings the Linganore border down southIt keeps most of LL in the same schoolI like both of themI don'tAcceptit keeps all Urbana students in UHS.No commentI like this option , our kids are closer to this schoolWe stay at Oakdale.nanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option A?It keeps our children at Oakdale HS. Oakdale has the Leadership Program which many of our children apply for and utilize to gain knowledge and become strong members of society. It is the only school in Frederick County to offer this to their students. As a parent of 2 children who are part of the Leaderships Program I can say it is teaching my children beyond the classroom on what makes and doesn't make great
leaders. It adds heavily to college applications.Closest to home affording walking not drivingAppropriate feeder schoolsSame as above.Oakdale doesn't seem to be impacted too much, so we like that.Thank you for keeping West Winds going to the high school that is 2.5 miles from our house!!  It is our main
priority.I like that it is the closest high school out of the three and will allow my kids to participate in school events.It is definitely the better option because it keeps our whole community together.I like keeping the kids together that have been together throughout their school years.We stay at Oakdale with the rest of communityThat we are clearly still in the OHS area. The social reasons are obvious as her closest friends will remain at OHS but as far as safety, we never drive those back roads so I worry about the kids safety related to driving
that way especially with the flooding occurs on Gas House Pike between the Meadows and West Winds.Reduces overcrowding.  I like that the kids go to Linganore and that it is not overcrowded.My kids stay in the Oakdale district. My son is a sophomore going to ne a humidor next year and doesn't deserve to switch schools his senior year. That's just messed up. Also my girls have been working so hard with teachers and coaches at Oakdale and would have to start all over if they are moved.
Keep Lake Linganore together.Keeps the kids togetherAcceptI like Option A because it mostly keeps OHS intact and  sends 2 LARGE neighborhoods to Linganore.That most of Lake Linganore villages will remain together.It keeps most kids in there current school districts with there siblings and friends. It is also safer for teens to drive to Oakdale from the meadows and balmoral than to liganore high school on gas house pike, which is
not a very safe road.Keeps the community togetherMy daughter will be a Junior at OHS. She has been in this community since kindergarten. Option A allows
her to stay at OHS and complete her final two years with her childhood friends.Keeps LLA community togetherIt keeps most schools under capacity.  Urbana is over capacity and I would rather not send my child there.At least half of KES will maintain a WKMS-LHS feeder pattern. PB 179 remains with neighboring
communities (the original PB from the Concepts stage).It keeps Linganore slightly under capacity.Our Lake Linganore Community remains intact.SameMy children remain districted with the peers in which they began school.  It allows them to continue their
current feeder pattern without the existing Lake Linganore Community being divided.it keeps all of urbana in one community , the foundation of the urbana community is One Team. We are one
and don't want to be separatedI do not like anything about this option.AIt keeps my community and our neighborhood children together. This is the main reason that we bought in
this community.Keeping the community together. Least disruption to student and their educational well being.It keeps my children and all of their friends together in school, and helps maintain a sense of community.Keeps community together.that the neighborhood is all togetherKeep Option ANO NO NOKeep us at OHSKeeps Urbana togetherProximityI like that my children will go to Urbana HS which is close to home.That we attend UHSOknanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option A?Keeps kids togetherI like both optionsAll Urbana kids in Urbana.Keeps all of Linganore neighborhoods togetherKeeps Urbana students togetherIt keeps ALL of Lake Linganore together through middle and high school (West Winds not included).Keeps Urbana as one UrbanaKeeps urbana kids togetherthe reason of moving to Urbanafor my childrenI like that Spring Ridge stays at OHSIt shrinks the Urbana HS size a little smallerNothing - our community was removed from Urbana HS and moved to a HS where our children should
expect a less robust education.Retains Oakdale HS for my families school districtNo opinion.A and b look the same for usThis does not effect usThis option is OKProximity to our houseI like that option A gives a little more relief to Urbana HSMy kids would attend the same HS.I like that option A maintains community/neighborhood connections. Lake Linganore is an extremely tight knit community and carving out Meadows and Balmoral neighborhoods, aka planning blocks 154, 157 and 159 disrupts the community aspect many residents moved here for. Meadows and Balmoral are established, non-developer owned villages with no new large scale construction possible. Our student population doesn't have the potential for large growth. Please do not separate these students from their neighborhood
peers. Option A allows an entire development to stay together.Staying at same walkable high schoolNothing, it singles out Landsdale and force our kids to go to a HS that is farther away.I do not supprt High School DRAFT Option AThis is not a good option for kids due to traffic issues and road conditions. I would suggest developing good roads and traffic conditions to Linganore school, before changing the Landsdale area to be included in LHS zone. I would prefer keeping Landsale community to UHS as option that I do not see in both A and B
optionsI like that we are fully surrounded by other LHS families. We are currently on the outskirts of OHS
boundary and surrounded by LHS familes.Keeps the heart of Lake Linganore togethergeographically this makes the most senseI'm fine with itKeeps my kids in a close school.Provides at least some short term capacity to UHS while keeping those that live in close proximity to the HS
in the HSI hate option A.  As someone in planning block 29, this one is awful.  I guess it depends which Elementary School option is selected...but if it is one where PB 29 goes to Kemptown, then this puts the split at WKMS so skewed that very few kids would go to Urbana HS - basically no feeder pattern for them.  If it is option A for ES that is selected, this option for HS is less terrible.  However, for PB 29, this is not my preferred option
for high school.  I like that PB 29 is still Urbana HS because it is closer than Linganore HS.neutralIt will keep my child with the group of friends and parents that we have grown up with. High school is hard enough, so I feel strongly about disrupting this foundation that has been established through previous years. I do not agree with any plan that would take our children away from a group of peers that have
cultivated relationships with at this point. Draft A keeps them together and keeps them in the feeder school.West Winds neighborhood will move on to Linganore, those kids get to move up with friends they've gone
to NMES and NMMS withI like that it keeps the current feeder pattern as it is and allows the entire community to stay together, as it
has for years.Keeping the kids residing in Urbana. I work 40 miles away. If my child misses the bus they could still walk
home. If we are bussed out of the neighborhood this would no longer be an option.All of Lake Linganore stay together.nanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option A?nothingNot affected.option A seems to be better for everyone in Urbana-particularly the absurdly tiny fraction of kids who
would be moved to Windsor Knolls from urbana MSI have no preferenceBoth options seem good, with option A slightly better than option B.no opinionGOODLess disruption to Oakdale HSNo opinion as neither A/B change the feeders for my area.It's great! Keeps the surrounding neighborhoods together.It's greatkeeps neighborhood kids togetherI like itKeeps current Twin Ridge students at the same high schoolThat we are kept with our community and friendsNeutralI oppose HS Option AKeeping the kids who they built relationships with throughout the neighborhoods together.It keeps the neighborhood connectedSame as above.  Like Oakdale schools.I like that it keeps PB63 in Oakdale ES, MS and HS. This is the current alignment which makes most sense as we are the closes established neighborhood to all three schools. I also like that it keeps PB 63 in Oakdale MS
and HS rather than sending us all over the map for each transition.NOTHING!  This option only makes since if you have personal short term investments.  This option does
not help us county wide and we will be having the same issue but worse in the next 5 years.Keeps everyone in the Urbana Planned Unit Development/Special Property Tax district at the HS.  This is the reason why many live in the PUD to stay in the neighborhood school rather than a adjoining neighborhood school.  Additionally, this is one of the weighted factor in purchasing in the PUD and pay more in taxes.  This plan will not greatly affect the social aspect with the children by separating their
neighborhood friends with in the Urbana PUD.I'm concerned about the commute and property values diminishing.includes Westwinds in Oakdale HS districtKeeps kids in feeder patternI like that PB 57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB 57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB 57 attends GVES where the majority of
GVES already goes to LHS.This option allows for our children to attend Oakdale HS, which was a large factor in building in
WoodridgeI like this option as it keeps my children with others kids in our community (Lake Linganore).Keeps the Lake Linganore community together.Not impactedWill keep LLA community children in the same schools as their neighborhood friends! Better sense of
community. Please don't split these kids up.This keeps our feeder pattern mostly in tact.It keeps the Linganore community together. To separate the Meadow community makes no sense.NothingAll of LLA, kids stay together.It keeps our neighborhood attending the same schoolsNOTHING. I purchased my home to attend UHS and now this option takes us from the district. Our community isn't huge but we seem to be the target of pulling from one high to another. Linganore is much much further and to be honest somewhat ridiculously far from our actual homes. Not sure why that isn't going into the plans. Travel to and from will be more difficult and doesn't make sense. We bought our homes with a sense of being in one of the best high schools in Frederick county and now we're getting pulled into not one of the best. I'll move before we're hit high school if that's the actual outcome. Very
unhappy.N/A - stays the same for us.I don't agree with HS Option AnanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option A?We will stay at Urbana high schoolKeeps the community togetherIt keeps the neighborhood kids togetherN/aNo opinion.All of Lake Linganore including the Meadows is included in Oakdale.Same as aboveI like this one the best because it means my children will get to grow up going to the same school as their
friends and neighbors they've been in school with.Option A puts us at Linganore High which is only 81% full right now. This option excites us because
Urbana is a great school, but extremely overcrowded.Best option for my familyThe kids get to stay in the Urbana school systemOption A appears to have less students at Urbana HS which is my preference.Community stays togetherit keeps all Urbana students in UHS.support - keeps with LLA communityMy daughter, who will be a senior at Oakdale High School remains at her high school.It addresses overcrowding at UHS, but not certain how much.Oakdale HSgoodThe Lake Linganore neighborhoods (except for West Winds) stay in the Oakdale feeder, providing
continuity of the current feeder pattern and also no divisions within the community.I like that the current OHS feeder pattern is kept in tactLake Linganore neighborhood stays togetherNothing, UHS is our current school, no need to change to a school that is twice the distance, lower rated academically. The redistricting should be based on geographic location, making kids travel twice the
distance, over one of the most congested and dangerous intersections in Frederick County is irresponsible.Makes SenseI hate this option because it zones my children to attend Linganore High School.  The main reason we moved to the Landsdale community was for my kids to have the opportunity to attend Urbana High School. We are much closer to Urbana HS which is more highly rated and substantially more demographically- diverse than LHS.  We are more a part of the Urbana community than we are of the Linganore area community North of US 70.  We visit the Urbana community daily. We never visit the Linganore area. I am very upset that we are being sacrificed to please the more politically powerful residents of Urbana. My wife
and I will vote against the policy makers who are letting this re-destricting happen.We stay at Urbana HSThis Option A seems to be a more clear feeder patternKeeps child at Linganoreno thoughtsOk with high school draftHS Option A
I like that PB 57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB 57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB 57 attends GVES where the majority of
GVES already goes to LHS.Keeps children in the grades together from the neighborhood.  Does not adversely affect children by
changing their schools on them.Good draft linesI like that the portions of the Lake Linganore community that are currently enrolled in Oakdale feeder
schools, remain with Oakdale.It keeps ALL of the Lake Linganore Villages within the OHS feeder pattern.the reason why I moved to UrbanayesAgain, they are the same for us.I absolutely oppose Option A and Option B.  These options take my kids out of the Urbana HS feeding pattern and them going to Linganore High School.  Linganore is further away and not as good of a school. Options A and B show the complete laziness of this redistricting effort.  Did you even consider and
alternative where Landsdale kids could go to Urbana??  I'm very disappointed.nanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option A?I like that more kids are being pulled from the UHS and going to LHS.  The kids closer to Mt. Airy should
be going to LHS.It keeps all of the Meadows Neightborhood in Lake Linganore at Oakdale High School.  The Meadows neighborhood is closer to Oakdale than Linganore.  I do not want my inexperienced driver on crazy narrow twisted roads going further away than they already have to go.  These families are a community.  Why
would you want to separate them at the High School level??goodI like that is maintains the current feeder pattern and does not divide the community.like AIncludes all of MeadowsI'm happy that we remain in the proposed Urbana High area.no opinionnanKeeps kids close to schools - limits travel times.Keeping majority of Lake Linganore students in same feeder.NoI like that PB 57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB 57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB 57 attends GVES where the majority of
GVES already goes to LHS.I like that the utilization is lowest for Urbana HS with this option but dislike that a lower number of
students from Windsor Knolls will go to Urbana HSAll of Lake Linganore/Oakdale Middle School district stays togetherWe like that we can go to all three local schoolsKeeps us in the Oakdale district with most of Lake Linganore. I like that East Country ES (the new ES) will be with the Oakdale district, meaning kids that live in close proximity to one another can be part of the same
high school community.Seems to alleviate more of the capacity issues at Urbana HSDo not LikeNo opinionNo preference on A or B.Keeps us at OHSUrbana HSDo not likeDo not likeeverythingNo opinionI like that it allows for all of the Lake Linganore villages in Oakdale feeder to remain in Oakdale feeder.I like that all of lake linganore (except west winds) will attend the same high school.I appreciate the efforts to keep communities together.  As Mr Cooper is quoted in the Frederick Post as assuring residents that "great effort will be made not to split up communities and if a community has to move, they move together".  This is crucial for the small part of Balmoral and Meadows who could
potentially leave their community wit the the Option in plan B.Your trying to pour a gallon into a cup build a new high school!It maximizes adjacent areas of the Villages of Urbana going to the same school.Option A just doesn't make sense, the utilization of Urbana HS will exceed 100% in just one year after re-
districting and the numbers keep growing.Love the school and would like to stay Urbana High SchoolNothing - it puts Landsdale children at risk on the roadsLove the school and would like to stay Urbana High SchoolI like that PB146 retains NMMS / LHS. Shorter distances to schools for parents / teen drivers / buses and
safer routes.I like that High School Draft Option A will keep our children at Oakdale High School. We moved to this
area, from out of state, specifically for the Oakdale High School system.The fact that the meadows village in the lake Linganore community would attend Oakdale high school, and would not be segregated from the rest of the community by having to attend a different high school. Also, my youngest child will be a senior the year this goes into effect, and in this option he would not be expected to attend a different high school then where his older brother attended/graduated from in 2019 and for
which he would have attended for 3 years.nanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option A?There is too much on the interactive map for me to clearly understand what will take place with my kids.
Parents need a less complicated version. I tried to search by my address but was unable to enter it.love itI don't prefer this Option as we bought our house b/c of Urbana HS. This would move our neighborhood to
LinganoreDO NOT LIKE IT AT ALLKeeps Urbana community in one HS.Good schools - keeps majority of LLA togetherPB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to
LHS.No opinionI like this option.Does not change my child's high school.I like Option APB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to
LHS.PB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to
LHS.Option A keeps the most kids together from middle school.LinganoreOakdale Feeder remainsIt keeps Lake Linganore together and not just pulling out a very small section of the community to switch
schools.NuetralThe Meadows should not be split from the rest of Lake Linganore. Our children have already formed tight
bonds with all the areas of LL and should not be split upThis is no changeNothing - they go against two of your three previous plans that kept Landsdale at UHS.I appreciate the efforts to keep communities together.  As Mr Cooper is quoted in the Frederick Post as
assuring residents that "great effort will be made not to split up communities and if a community has to move, they move together".Our kids come directly from OMS to OHSI like that the Oakdale feeder within Lake Linganore is kept as is.PB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to
LHS.No opinionNothing, Urbana HS is way better that Linganore HS and changing it is not a good option for our kids.
Landsdale Community should stay with Urbana HS!Keep Urbana togetherPB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to LHS.I like high school option A because it does not split my community in Lake linganore. Along the same lines it keeps utilization enrollment more balanced between the schools. Oakdale at 84% linganore at 97% and
urbana 85%. (Linganore is projected to go down in the future)nanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option A?Option A reduces the amount of time students will spend traveling on a school bus, allowing for additional time for sports, homework, and time spent with family and friends. While I am not personally impacted by either option, I'm strongly in favor of keeping residents of the LLA together. Residents within LLA pay a significant fee annually to live here and attend top rated schools. The families and children who live here attend events together and participate in recreational activities together, creating close relationships that
should not be separated.Very glad to see the Option A overs the students from its sounding areas making them spend less time on
the school bus, or making it possible for more students to walk to school.Nothing.I like how High School Option A is consistent with feeder patterns and keeping communities together.No no no no no no noNo opinionUnknownI like option A at first glance because my feeder pattern would be unaffected and we would remain at our
current schoolsI like that the Lansdale development falls in Linganore HS district in both option A and B.No opinionkeeps Urbana togetherIt keeps the neighborhood that I currently live in (lake linganore meadows) in the Oakdale school districtI don't like neither option. Both Option A and B are moving our community (Lansdale) to Linganore HS with the hope to relief Urbana HS high enrollment. Both projection shows that Urbana will keep running at capacity and go over capacity since the first year of implementation. The redistricting of High School boundaries is not solving the problem for Urbana overcapacity and it is not relieving Urbana HS not even for few years. Since there are no plans in the next 8 years of expanding capacity at Urbana High or building a new High school the problem is only pushed away for at the expense of the families that are currently leaving in the Urbana HS boundaries. Linganore HS is about 20 to 25 minutes away compared to Urbana which is 5 minutes away connected via US 80 (a very safe route for families and young drivers). Linganore HS is rated much lower than Urbana on both state and national level. The lower rating of Linganore HS is the real reason of lower enrolment. I understand the new developments are presenting challenges that are hard to address but the school district has been using Linganore High to park students until a new High School was built, instead of planning ahead along with the county to ensure schools have enough space when new communities are approved. The feeling is that developers and builders are using the high rated
schools to concentrate the new communities and reach high numbers of sale. But families pay the consequences of finding themselves redistricting to schools that they would not have chosen.Lake Linganore community is kept together in the Oakdale feeder pattern.I do NOT like option ATerrible option.This sends us to Linganore, which we were originally districted for Urbana.Meadows stays in OHSMeadows stays in OHSMeadows stays in OHSMeadows stays in OHSMeadows stays in OHSMeadows stays in OHSEverythingI prefer Oakdale High overall and I am hoping my children get to experience its' Science and IT programs.
Its our current feeder school and so it keeps the Lake Linganore community in the same schoolsMeadows would be forced to go to Linganore High SchoolThe route from Meadows to Linganore High is dangerous.  We lost a high schooler going to Linganore several years ago on a stretch of Gas House Pike.  Plus Woodridge is the only neighborhood to have direct access
To gas house pikeKeeps The Meadows and Balmoral in the same schools as the rest of Lake Linganore.It splits us away from our friends we've developed over the past 6 years and next 10Same as elementaryOur village remains in the established feeder patternWill not likely matter as will be redistricted again due to growth in Urbana and Ijamsville in the next 5 yearsIt allows my current 9th grader to remain at Oakdale HSnanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option A?PB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends
GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to LHS.It is perfectKeeps Urbana kids at Urbana HSOakdale's proximity to springridgeTerribleAgreeI am not in favor as it moves us to Linganore after being with the kemptown/Windsor knolls groupNo opinionIt keeps everyone togetherExcellent.  Keeps us in the same high school.I like that most of the established Urbana High students will remain at Urbana High.  I like that PB 57 is being sent to Linganore (a new community without established ties to Urbana's community), as opposed to the established South County communities (which would have a burdensome long commute to Linganore
High)It keeps my family in our home school & it does a better job at keeping neighborhoods together.NothingI reject option ANothing.  Blatant move to have one community removed from UHSWe would be moved out of the OHS district and into the LHS district. Linganore is a great school.geographically more compactKeep Lake Linganore as one community. Do NOT separate out if the impact on schools is inconsequential.Keep Lake Linganore as one community. Do NOT separate out if the impact on schools is inconsequential.Again, this option keeps the neighborhoods together.everyythingI like draft option A as it essentially keeps the existing boundary of the feeder pattern going to Oakdale
Highschool as it is now.I like that the Lake Linganore community stays together (minus West Winds which is already separate).No opinionLooks good to meI like it because it keeps my community together and impact the least number of children. it also has a more
balanced enrollment utilization at all levels.No preference as my children will go to Oakdale in either proposal.My child has been exceeding at a great level since moving to the OMS district. She will start high school next year. She is comfortable with classmates and in the school. My kids dont need any more change. Please
keep the Meadows in Lake Linganore in OHSThe fact that the village of meadows in lake Linganore does not get segregated from the rest of the current
lake Linganore villages by being redistricted away from Oakdale High School.Not like. It impacts most high school students and not provides utilization balance among the schools in
long term.Landsdale is now at Linganore which makes a lot of sense.No opinionI like that most of the established Urbana High students will remain at Urbana High.  I like that PB 57 is being sent to Linganore (a new community without established ties to Urbana's community), as opposed to the established South County communities (which would have a burdensome long commute to Linganore
High)Options A and B are fairly similarmy children would attend Oakdale high school keeping everyone in the lake linganore community at the
same school facilitating physical and social interactions with peersnothingIn favorVery little change between current boundaries and proposedGoing to LinganorePB 154 - keeps the LL Villages of Balmoral and Meadows in the OMS/OHS feedernanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option A?I like that PB 57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB 57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB 57 attends GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to
LHS.Maintains the students in the SE (GV) part of area feeding into Urbana HSNo commentLove it as long as keep elementary school Option A. Keeps current feeder pattern of NMES--> NMMS-->
Linganore HS for PB 146.Less overcrowdingNo opinionIt's the closest school to our house, so that's nice.School close to home. No change.I like this option as it allows my daughter to attend LHS w/her classmates, and it will be a shorter driving
distance once she gets her license and is driving to and from after-school activities.dislikeStaying with LinganoreThat is makes our community whole again.My schools don't changeNo happy at all because several consideration are not taken into account.stay in UHi do not like this optionMakes more sense to be at Urbana HS.  It's closer and a safer drive.Keeps the Meadows in OHS and keeps OHS mostly the same - great consistencyGoing to close school!Gets the rest of the Mt. Airy zip code (at least the Frederick County portion) to Linganore HSI like that the Lansdale development is going north of I-70.  I love that Windsor Knolls neighborhood will
stay in UHS.  That's why I've invested as much as I have to live there.FineKeeps kids from the Meadows neighborhood in Lake Linganore together.  It makes no sense to carve out
that area and send them to Linganore.I do not like Option A - my Urbana HS student is in the IB program and it would be a major inconvenience
for me to have to drive him to school if bus transportation is not providedKeeps West Winds with New Market Middle -- No additional redistrictinggoodThis is the closest to current district lines.That all of the children in the Villages will stay together and my child can walk safely to school.Maximize walkers and minimize bus costsI like both options for HSDoes not affectAt least we get to go to Oakdale HighProximity, Maintaing same school feeder, entire development includednoneWest Winds continues to go to LinganoreOption A keeps our children attending the same schoolFineIt keeps all the children who live in Urbana together.Like that Oakdale has higher educational scoringDon't like this option.Do not like as we would not longer feed to UrbanaThere is nothing I like about an option that has UHS at 114% capacity by the time my rising 7th grader is a
freshman while LHS is at 82%.Community UnityKeeps my children at UrbanaNothing- this plan does not address needs of the schools or the communities involved as a whole.Keeps the part of Lake Linganore that go to OMS still at OHSThat PB154, 157, and 159 will continue to go to Oakdale High School.Like itoption AnanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option A?This is preferred.  The population density in the UHS area will only get worse.  LHS is easily accessible and
a good school.Preserves feeder patternI don't care for this option. Part of the Kemptown Cluster should not be split.NoneNothing ! Urbana High school, for many years, has been listed as the best/ # 1 high school in Frederick county so, most people with kids moved to the Landsdale area for their kids to attend or eventually attend Urbana High. This makes the  redistricting feels like a bait and switch when it come to our kids' education !
Very disappointing and upsetting !NothingA keeps villages of Urbana together as well as BGreen Valley Subdivision remains part of Urbana HS which makes most sense logistically. And there are very few high school aged students in this neighborhood at any given year. Does a decent job of addressing
overcrowding at Urbana HS by redistricting Landsdale Subdivision.No opinionwould not prefer this option - will have a rising 11th grader and incoming 9th grader.  They have always been in the Urbana feeding pattern.  I know WKMS splits now and my incoming 9th grader would be ok with Linganore, but my rising 11th grader would prefer to stay at Urbana.  I would not prefer to have 2 kids
in different high schoolsNo changes in the number of students in non-transported areas.Liganore HSI like that spring ridge goes to oakdaleIt keeps Lake Linganore kids together at the same school.PB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to
LHS.NothingKeeps us at Ubana HSUrbana HS boundary is more compact, encompassing fewer current home, and more importantly fewer
future homes, lessening potential for overcrowdingBoth options are linganoreMeets the following criteria: keeps communities together and proximity of schools.PB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to LHS.
Allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students.  PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been
an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.Both plans makes sense for my area.NothingSame as above....keep current LLA as is...all new villages yet to be built have no say as no one is affected.It does not split out the Meadows and Balmoral.My children will be going to Urbana high.I am disappointed to see that Landsdale was moved out of Urbana High School's zone. The roads leading
from Landsdale to Linganore High School are a huge safety concern.Like Linganore so that my child will be with children from the same feeder GVES, WKMS and LHSfineGood (oakdale)It keeps our neighborhood together.I can't see A as the coloring is off around the Kemp town area. Are we looking at the outline or colors?I am glad that my kids can go to UHSAll of the communities that border the lake and summer field stay together in Lake LinganoreImmediate reliefnanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option A?Does not seem like a logical change for usKeeping Linganorr kids together to go to OakdaleOakdale location is closer to my home and rated highly by past students. Part of the reason to move in the
Meadows was eaglehead would go through to Oakdale locations.Less desirableIt keeps neighborhoods together and my neighborhood won't be redistricted. My neighborhood stays in the
current feeder pattern.Neighborhood consistencyNo opinionNo commentThis options allows peers to stay in cohortsFor my street A & B would be the sameThat a small part of Lake Linganore would remain at OHS where the rest of the neighborhood will attend.Both of these options are excellent and take into account the priority of having a community high school.That PB 167 attends UHSWe will stay in  Urbana high schoolGood. No change for my kidNothingNo real opinionClose to home. My boys will go to with their after school friend. The school provides special programs that
does not exist in other schools.Maintains OHS feeder pattern in Lake LinganoreI like that it keeps west winds in linganoreI vote BI like that PB 57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the UHS feeder pattern and into the LHS feeder pattern. PB 57 is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB 57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB 57 attends GVES where the
majority of GVES already goes to LHS.Proposed boundaries closest to current boundaries. Keeps most of community the same.No opinionI like the idea since our kids can stay at the same school in the Villages of  Urbana. No bus pickup/drop-off will cause a lot of traffic going on in the neighborhood & the safety concerns to more students who walk to
school everyday then.That we are in the Oakdale feederI like that PB 57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. PB 57 is a new neighborhood that does not have established ties to any specific feeder pattern. PB 57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB 57 attends GVES where the majority of
GVES already goes to LHS.distance to home address is closest to school; keeps it the same as current planNoUrbana kids stay at Urbana schools!!Why was Landsdale removed when there is no benefit to the school or county?  Keep Landsdale at Urbana
high school.My children would maintain consistency in the Oakdale feeder pattern.Keep Kemptown togetherKeeps thing as is for HSI like that it provides immediate relief.There is nothing that I like about the High School DRAFT Option AThis option keeps us at our current high school.No opinionnanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option A?Our Community in comparison to Urbana is small. We are tight knit and celebrate our wide diversity of income, ethnicity and values . It's a great culture to raise kids in. By moving an older community like Balmoral/Meadows to Linganore you will cause a divide in our community that will be hard to fix without impacting the very purpose of the redistricting. I am a Pinehurst resident, my kids will not change with either Option, I have friends in every Lake Linganore community. While I appreciate the board listening to the concerned parents in Woodridge and the new Community being built up there, to me it seems that it would have been better to send them to TJ, a below capacity school for many reasons. That said, I'm glad they will stay here but not at the cost of loosing an older community to Linganore and still not fixing
OverCrowding.It is okayI like that PB 179 and PB 9 are together and at Linganore.I like that it keeps the villages of Meadows and Balmoral in the Oakdale High School feeder pattern and
keeps the Westwinds village where they want to be.It keeps WestWinds in the current feeder pattern with closest schoolsMy children can walk to school and have access to advanced coursesGoodI don't like it since I will lose Urbana HSnanOption A: PB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to LHS.
Allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students.  PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been
an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.I think option A is a bad choice for the students of KES who would be split between UHS and LHS in this model. When looking at the years out projections the movement of PB 35-37, 39, 9, and 179 to LHS in addition to PB 57, 172, and 184 doesn't seem to provide long term benefit to managing the anticipated
population growth in these areas.I like that our neighborhood kids in Greenview will go to Oakdale for high school with their friends from ES
and MS.Same schoolOption A relieves future growth for UHS.Same with middle school, we like option A since it keeps the Meadows with the rest of lake linganore. As I
mentioned before, this is an important aspect as children develop and grow.Lower enrollment projection for LinganoreThat it maintains existing feeder patterns and keeps our community together as a whole.I like that my children and all of Urbana will stay together.No opinionA and B are the same for us given our planning block (1).No difference.Nothing: Option A: PB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to LHS.
Option A allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A  would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students. PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and
have been an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.I like that it keeps the Lake Linganore community together and in its established feeder pattern.It is suitable, but utilization is high. Also, what is the cost?  The only policy criteria with a quantitative metric appears not to have been calculated, or at least not shared with the public.  How can you optimize the districts without metrics that are well defined and explicitly mapped back to the policy criteria?  How
do the new options compare to the existing districts with regard to the criteria?  No one knows.Option A keeps all planning blocks in the Lake Linganore community feeding into OMS and then OHS
together, rather than removing approximately 100 students at each school level from PBs  154, 157, and 159.nanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option A?Option A is my preferred choiceI do not have strong opinions about option A, as very little is being changed with the boundary.I like that PB 57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB 57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB 57 attends GVES where the majority of
GVES already goes to LHS.I like that it keeps the Meadows and Balmoral in the OHS feederIt is fineMy children will be going to Urbana high.See belowThat my area goes to OHS, I live in the meadows.don't like itLike it - not a lot of change from current.Option A keeps the established and existing Lake Linganore villages that attend  Oakdale HS together.I do not like that this option where LHS absorbs a larger area from the Urbana District.This one is great.No opinionThat the Meadows & Balmoral would still be included in Oakdale HighschoolnannanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option B?Nothing!!! Keep Landsdale at UHS.Stinks. You placed Landsdale in the least popular zone. You did not respect our initial survey results and
thoughts. You have an already determined agenda; that much has been made clear this week.NothingSee aboeLinganore is a new builder and I;ve heard good things about iI think Lake Linganore is a good school, but is not the appropriate school for our neighborhood based on
proximity. Also, the roads to get there from Landsdale seem very dangerous for massive school transit.Nothing. Originally we had 3 possible options, two of which kept our two students at Urbana HS. And now we have 2 possible options with neither one keeping them there? Don't tell me all the schools are good, we know that. But you're going to be uprooting two straight-A students who love their school, their friendships they cultivated, and who play on the schools sports teams and force them to go to another school which is farther away. This is pure crap. And when you look at the map (we live in Landsdale, just down Fingerboard Road from UHS), our neighborhood has been carved out of the Urbana district to be included into the Linganore district. WHY?!?! There are folks further away from Urbana (Kemptown, Green Valley,
etc) who could be sent up to Linganore. Look, I know this comes with a growing community, but it doesn't mean I have to be happy about it. This is just crap. My kids desperately want to remain at Urbana HS.I am thrilled that this option keeps the Spring Ridge community at Oakdale High School.  It is the closest high school to the community and many students have older siblings who have already gone through OHS, so it is nice that families who have already built a sense of school pride and have become immersed in that
school community can continue.Love it!NothingHow did we go from three draft options with two showing Landsdale staying with Urbana.  Then all voting suggested agreement with either of those two plans.  Now we have two new plans neither of which show Landsdale going to Urbana; the by far closest school.  There are unsafe roads and a much longer distance for
our community to go to Linganore.We remain in the OHS district which is goodWe do not like option B, it needlessly splits up the neighborhoods.no opinionI do not like option B.  It  It will divide a few streets in the community to a different high school making carpools, community and school spirit difficult and produces bus issues.  Option A allows the entire community to stay together and seems the more prudent and feasible option.  Option B has too many issues
and complications arising from only a few streets in the neighborhood to be redistricted.It keeps our current feeder to Oakdale HS.support this option bc it keeps the majority of KES students going to UHSNothing.  It is ridiculous to separate a tiny neighborhood from the rest of lake linganore.  Doing so would be
a terrible terrible decision.my children will be in the same school that they have started; my before and aftercare providers will be able
to still help my children, and they will not be psychologically stressI don't like it.Allows for future development around Oakdale High School, not to be over capacity when build out is
complete. AT least that's my interpretation.greatOption B is less appealing than Option A.NothingNOTHINGThank you so much for not having Westwinds go to Oakdale in either option.  This made no sense me to
even be considered.  Thanks for correcting this in the new options.We stay in the same schoolmakes senseNObetter split of WKMS kids who will feed into separate high schoolsGoodI don't like it since we are changing from Urbana HSStudents will still attend Linganore HS, shortest bus/drive.Splits our kids to a new school and isolates our neighborhood. Could not be any more opposed.High School option, I am happy with either waynanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option B?Staying in the OHS FeederKeeps Urbana together and not as over crowded.I prefer option B for the high schoolGood Option Thank youthe students stay in the same middle and high schoolBalance of school utilization- again very neededNothing.These options are the same for us either way, and I am fine with that.No changes for us from our current options -so happy to stay in the neighborhood schoolDoesn't effect usnothingNo issuesIt minimizes the impact on neighborhoods and keeps communities together. This by far is the best option.That it no longer includes Lansdale at UHS, which is only 1/3 built and would cause even more
overcrowding at an already overcrowded high school.Option B is awful. There should be no splitting of the lake Linganore communityIt keeps more students who attended KES and WKMS together.This option allows my 3 children to all attend the same high school together as siblings should do.Same as option ASame as option AMy kids stay at UrbanaI like that all options keep feeders together!0It keeps everyone together.Provides more even relief to Urbana and Oakdale, especially in future projections. But I am skeptical about the projection data... Urbana HS in Option B has all of the attendance area in Option A plus a few Planning Blocks around Kemptown. How is the projected attendance for Urbana High School in Option B LOWER
than Option A?Do not likeNothing - moves children completely from UrbanaNothingLike eitherIt keeps the whole Urbana area together.NOTHING!!!No opinion. It doesn't change for us.Do not likeKids who go to new market middle will move on to Linganore high. I like the feeder patterns sticking
togetherFineIt more evenly splits population across the 3 HS.Nothing, We live in the Lansdale community and would like to keep Urbana High as our high school optionI do not like that he will be switched to Twin Ridge for elementary, and then won't even go to Linganore
with any of those kids.Works again because all my kids could walk or bike to schoolNothingKeep kids in the neighborhood in the same schoolOriginal HS selection that we bought our house in it's location for.This option addresses some crowding issues at both OHS & UHSno change for usNo opinionnaKeeps Urbana togetherNothingNothing at allI like that it includes a further reach of students currently at UHS to remain there (those toward Penn Shop
Rd)NothingEVERYTHINGEVERYTHINGnanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option B?nanNaMothingNothingLandsdale should go to Urbana HSNothingNothing. Stop messing with lake linganore.I don't like itSame schoolI oppose this plan.I do not like option BNo concerns as my kids stay at Urbana which is walking distance from my home.Love this option. It impacts the fewest number of high schoolers right before graduation. A large percentage of Green Valley ES is already districted to LHS so it is smart to move Landsdale since they are within that already established feeder. I like that the KES feeder neighborhoods on Kemptown Church Rd & Rt 80 will
remain part of the UHS feeder pattern as they have been since UHS opened.It keeps my children in Urbana.This one seems like it is splitting neighborhoods.Our kids do, and will continue to attend Urbana HS which is our local high school.Don't like it - it does not relieve any pressure for Urbana HS.I don't prefer itI like both of themConsistency across neighboring areasDo not acceptit keeps all Urbana students in UHS.No commentNothingWe stay at Oakdale.Option B moves our high schoolers to Linganore which does not offer the Leadership program. While Linganore offers an engineering program, that it a tailored program only few want to participate in. If you are not interested in engineering, it teaches nothing else. Oakdale's Leadership Program provides guidance
for any role you want to pursue.NothingOakdale doesn't seem to be impacted too much, so we like that.Poorly designed, splitting up a small area to go to linganore instead of oakdale. Poor decision making on
FCPS' partThank you for keeping West Winds going to the high school that is 2.5 miles from our house!!  It is our main
priority.I like that it is the closest high school out of the three and will allow my kids to participate in school events.Just as I stated about the middle school, he would it bea good option to split up a community in this way?  It
will definitely create a divide amongst the Lake Linganore community.I do not like this option as it splits kids that have grown up together.Will the meadows be at Linganore no matter what in the future?When I type in my address on the interactive map, the pop up lists OHS but the color changes to LHS so I
am not sure what high school we are planned for in this option.High schools seem to be pushing the capacity.Nothing. Keep Lake Linganore together. They all,should go to Oakdale Schools.Nothing it splits up our neighborhoodDo not acceptI like that Option B sends all of Landsdale to Linganore but keeps the Penn Shop neighborhood all at
Urbana.NothingNothingNot muchIF PB 179 was kept at KES, a complete feeder pattern would exist for all of the KES district.B takes schools overcapacity which leads to many issuesI don't like it.It keeps the Linganore pattern together. Best choice in my opinion.NonenanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option B?I am satisfied with the the facility (LHS) and the community feeding into the school being comparable to
that of  our current feeder pattern, Oakdale High SchoolI do not like anything about this option.AI don't like itAgain, absolutely nothing.This is a terrible option, and whomever thought it up should be ashamed of themselves.spring ridge moves together through the pathDislikeEverything ! Thumbs up FCPSNothing...my sons LOVE OHSNothingI like that my children will go to Urbana HS which is close to home.That we attend UHSOkI like both options.All Urbana kids in Urbana.nothingSame as ANothingnothingnoI like that Spring Ridge stays at OHSIt shrinks the Urbana HS size a little smallerNothing - our community was removed from Urbana HS and moved to a HS where our children should
expect a less robust education.Did not review as has little impact on my familyNo opinion.A and b look the same for usThis does not effect usThis option is OKMy kids would attend the same HS.I do not like anything about option B.We stay at same walkable high schoolNothing, it singles out Landsdale and force our kids to go to a HS that is farther away.Utilization of Urbana High is stabilized in long termThis is not a good option for kids due to traffic issues and road conditions. I would suggest developing good roads and traffic conditions to Linganore school, before changing the Landsdale area to be included in LHS zone. I would prefer keeping Landsale community to UHS as option that I do not see in both A and B
optionsIf ES Option A is selected than this would keep all of KES together through high school.It would be fine if you remembered to add Balmoral and Meadows to stay with the rest of their community
of Lake Linganore.  It would be detrimental to keep the entire community together except our few streets.I'm fine with itKeeps my kids in a close school.Provides at least some short term capacity to UHS while keeping those that live in close proximity to the HS
in the HSI LOVE option B.  Planning block 29.  This option allows for a feeder pattern out of WKMS that is
AMAZING given either of the elementary school options selected.  I am happy that is keeps folks from PB 36, 37, 9, and 179 with us.neutralWest Winds neighborhood will move on to Linganore, those kids get to move up with friends they've gone
to NMES and NMMS withI don't find option B feasible due to the division of the community/village.Option A is betterI do not like Option B as it splits off sections of the neighborhood.This is the option we are pushing for. It keeps the Kemptown kids intact who have been together since elementary school. It is silly to cut back the current Urbana HS boundary line.  I do not want my rising 9th grader, who plans to be active in sports as well, to have to be uprooted and go to Linganore high school in
her 10th grade year. She will have to start all over again.nanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option B?Not affected.nothingI have no preferenceBoth options seem good, with option A slightly better than option B.no opinionGOODNo opinion as neither A/B change the feeders for my area.Same as AGreati don't like it b/c it separates the neighborhood kidsUrbana HS-my daughter starts next year and I would like her to continue attending a school after her first
year. I also want her siblings to be with her at Urbana.I dislike itKeeps current Twin Ridge students at the same high schoolThat we are kept with our community and friendsNeutralUtilization between schools are more balanced in Option B. In addition, the long term growth is well
considered.Absolutely none. Despise this option.Same as aboveI like that it keeps PB63 in Oakdale ES, MS and HS. This is the current alignment which makes most sense as we are the closes established neighborhood to all three schools. I also like that it keeps PB 63 in Oakdale MS
and HS rather than sending us all over the map for each transition.Looking at the growth in our community, this is the ONLY option that makes sense for FCPS and our
community as a whole.  It will better balance the utilizations of our schools.Keeps everyone in the Urbana Planned Unit Development/Special Property Tax district at the HS.  This is the reason why many live in the PUD to stay in the neighborhood school rather than a adjoining neighborhood school.  Additionally, this is one of the weighted factor in purchasing in the PUD and pay more in taxes.  This plan will not greatly affect the social aspect with the children by separating their
neighborhood friends with in the Urbana PUD.I'm concerned about the commute and property values diminishing.noneKeeps kids in feeder patternThis option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing.  It sends PB 57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 with the same group of children that they have been with since Kindergarten. PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 are aging communities that will have minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the enrollment at UHS
in balance.This option allows for our children to attend Oakdale HS, which was a large factor in building in
WoodridgeNothing - We live in the Lake Linganore/Meadows. I do not like this option because it separates my
children with the other kids in our community. The whole reason move to this area was for this close knit community.I strongly feel that improving the diversity of LHS would be great improved with adding these neighborhoods. Additionally, they are closer to Westwinds, which already go to NMMS and LHS so this
makes sense.Not impactedThis also keeps our feeder pattern mostly in tact.Nothing, it completely divides the Lake Linganore  community by having one neighborhood go to
Linganore HSNothingThis option seems most balanced to everyoneUrbana is closerUrbana is closerI don'tI do not like this option as it separates out neighborhoodnanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option B?NOTHING. I purchased my home to attend UHS and now this option takes us from the district. Our community isn't huge but we seem to be the target of pulling from one high to another. Linganore is much much further and to be honest somewhat ridiculously far from our actual homes. Not sure why that isn't going into the plans. Travel to and from will be more difficult and doesn't make sense. We bought our homes with a sense of being in one of the best high schools in Frederick county and now we're getting pulled into not one of the best. I'll move before we're hit high school if that's the actual outcome. Very
unhappy.N/A - stays the same for usOur voice is heard and the new HS option B incorporated community's suggestion. Well done FCPS.Spreads the projected over capacity better so although all three are over capacity, it reduces the percentages of Oakdale and Urbana compared to option a which has two of the three over capacity but with a significant
discrepancy of student numbers to Linganore HS.  It also impacts fewer overall students.We don't have to changeN/aNo opinion.Nothing there would be no point in unincluding the Meadows neighborhood in Oakdales district.Same as aboveN/A.NothingNothingit keeps all Urbana students in UHS.dislike - separate out from LLA commuinityNothingIt keeps a diverse area at UHS      opportunities to meet more people from outside of Urbana which has been
very beneficial.Oakdale HSgoodI like that in the long term projects, the over crowding is minimized in all the high schools better than in
option A.I do not like option B  I would prefer that all of the Meadows section of Lake Linganore stay at OHSIt maintains the continuity of students from KES all staying together from K through 12th.I'm advocating for KES to stay together K - 12.I like This option because it allows my last daughter to finish up her Senior year at Urbana High with all her friends from Elementary and Middle School.  WE lived in the Villages of Urbana for 10 years before moving
to Monrovia.Nothing see above. Why was the UHS option removed unilaterally. If necessary divide Landsdale into those
who want to attend LHS and those who want to remain at UHS.Makes SenseI hate this option because it zones my children to attend Linganore High School.  The main reason we moved to the Landsdale community was for my kids to have the opportunity to attend Urbana High School. We are much closer to Urbana HS which is more highly rated and substantially more demographically- diverse than LHS. We are more a part of the Urbana community than we are of the Linganore area community North of US 70.  We visit the Urbana community daily. We never visit the Linganore area. I am very upset that we are being sacrificed to please the more politically powerful residents of Urbana. My wife
and I will vote against the policy makers who are letting this re-destricting happen.nanKeeps child at Linganoreno thoughtsok with high school draftHS Option B
This option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing.  It sends PB 57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 with the same group of children that they have been with since Kindergarten. PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 are aging communities that will have minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the enrollment at UHS
in balance.nanGood draft linesnanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option B?I feel this option is well done with one exception. The Meadows/Balmoral village of Lake Linganore. Why
not keep them as Oakdale feeder? Less than 100 kids.It spreads out over capacity rates BUT it unnecessarily pulls the Lake Linganore Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows into the LHS feeder thus cutting a small portion of students off from the greater Lake Linganore community. We live in PB 154. See my reasoning under the Middle School Option B comment why this goes against Board criteria and priorities set forth by the January survey. And it has little bearing
on utilization rates; in fact keeping these villages under OHS helps to balance numbers.the reason why I moved to Urbananoit works out for all involved and remember Option B neighborhood is an aging neighborhood..Option B does very little to relieve overcrowding at UHS.  I don't like it!!Nothing.  It divides our neighborhood so that only a very small portion of our neighborhood would go to Linganore.  It does not make sense to have inexperienced drivers driving difficult roads a further distance. It also doesn't make sense to divide a small portion of one neighborhood from the rest of the neighborhood.
This is a community.goodI do not like draft option B.nanNotjingI'm happy that we remain in the proposed Urbana High area.no opinionnanKeeps kids close to schools - limits travel times.Better overcrowding reductionYesThis option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing.  It sends PB 57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 with the same group of children that they have been in a feeder pattern with since Kindergarten. PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 are aging communities that will have minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the
enrollment at UHS in balance.I like that a greater number of students from Windsor Knolls will go to Urbana HS but dislike that  the
utilization is higher for Urbana HS with this optionno good outcomeWe like that we can go to all three local schoolsSpreads out attendance numbers a little better.Less change for Urbana; but may not alleviate enough of the capacity issuesDo not LikeNo opinionNo preference on A or B.NothingLikeLikedo not like this optionNo opinionI believe it does a better job addressing overcrowding.I like that option B appears to address possible future over crowding at the high school level.I am fine with the majority of it but we are missing a small chunk of Lake Linganore (balmoral and meadows) and this goes against Mr. Coopers statement in the Frederick Post where  he assured residents that "great effort will be made not to split up communities and if a community has to move, they move
together"Your trying  to pour a gallon into a cup build a new high school.!It maximizes adjacent areas of the Villages of Urbana going to the same school.I like how all school's utilization is balanced in HS option B.Close byI like that attendance levels are lower over time.Nothing - it puts Landsdale children at risk on the roadsClose bynanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option B?I like that PB146 retains NMMS / LHS. Shorter distances to schools for parents / teen drivers / buses and
safer routes.My oldest is already considering LHS because if the engineering program so this would already put us in
districtI like that High School Draft Option B will keep our children at Oakdale High School. We moved to this
area, from out of state, specifically for the Oakdale High School system.There is too much on the interactive map for me to clearly understand what will take place with my kids.
Parents need a less complicated version. I tried to search by my address but was unable to enter it.love itI don't prefer this Option as we bought our house b/c of Urbana HS. This would move our neighborhood to
LinganoreDO NOT LIKE IT AT ALLKeeps Urbana community in one HS.NothingKeeps kids in neighborhoods who have been going to school together for long number of years together.This option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing. It sends PB57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 with the same group of children that they have been with since Kindergarten. PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 are aging
communities that will have minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the enrollment at UHS in balance.No opinionI like both options, although if I could pick I would select option A.Does not change my child's high school.This option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing. It sends PB57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 with the same group of children that they have been with since Kindergarten. PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 are aging communities that will have minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the enrollment at UHS in
balance.This option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing. It sends PB57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 with the same group of children that they have been with since Kindergarten. PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 are aging communities that will have minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the enrollment at UHS in balance.This option adds a few more kids closer to Linganore to the school.Oakdale feeder remains.Switching schools would affect the community as a whole - you are pulling out a small section of kids who have grown up together in this community and moving them to another school. I think that would be
horrible....NuetralThe Meadows should not be split from the rest of Lake Linganore. I've heard about an option that would
move the meadows back but not the new Hamptons. Our children have already formed tight bonds with all the areas of LL and should not be split upNo changeNothing - they go against two of your three previous plans that kept Landsdale at UHS.I am fine with the majority of it but we are missing a small chunk of Lake Linganore (balmoral and meadows) and this goes against Mr. Coopers statement in the Frederick Post where  he assured residents that "great effort will be made not to split up communities and if a community has to move, they move
together"Our Kids come directly from OMS to OHSI believe this option does a slightly better job addressing the overcrowding issues.nanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option B?This option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing. It sends PB57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 with the same group of children that they have been with since Kindergarten. PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 are aging communities that will have minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the enrollment at UHS in
balance.No opinionNothing, Urbana HS is way better that Linganore HS and changing it is not a good option for our kids.
Landsdale Community should stay with Urbana HS!This option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing. It sends PB57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 with the same group of children that they have been with since Kindergarten. PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 are aging communities that will have minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the enrollment at UHS in
balance.Option B splits more people from our community which will be heartbreaking from the children of our community. Again in Lake Linganore we have a very strong feeling of belonging to a community. Our children already go to the high schools events and many of them even at the middle school level are already playing sports at the high school. Some of them do the equestrian team. This will be heartbreaking to be separated and isolated from this.
Option B also has a less balanced rate of utilization at the high school level with Oakdale being under utilized at 78% , Linganore 94% and Urbana 93%. This also is the reason I don't understand why would you split a community to under utilize the  High school. You only split a community if the rate of utilization is too high. I though Impact on communities were high on the priority list and we can't compare Lake
Linganore to other communities because we are very integrated and have been very small for a while.No much difference was seen between Option B and Option A.Keeps my kids with the majority of their current elementary and middle school feeder pattern.  Impacts
fewer HS students than option A.Minimizes amount of future redistricting, by pushing areas of high expected development / growth towards schools like LHS that has the capacity to handle the growth. If we go with option A, the expected future growth of the UHS population will quickly return UHS to overcrowded conditions, and trigger the
need for yet another redistricting that would be unnecessarily disruptive.I like how high school draft option B has consistent feeder patterns.Keeps neighborhoods together.No opinionPB179 remains in the UHS district.  Impacts fewer students.  Lower utilization rates for 2 of 3 HS.If you go with OPTION B I would recommend leaving Balmoral/Meadows with the OMS and OHS feeder
pattern (see detail in my observations below)I like that our property (12345 Fingerboard Rd) and Manorwood remain in the Urbana HS district.Keeps communities and feeders together.No opinionNothingI don't like neither option. Both option A and B are moving our community (Lansdale) to Linganore HS with the hope to relief Urbana HS high enrollment. Both projection shows that Urbana will keep running at capacity and go over capacity since the first year of implementation. The redistricting of High School boundaries is not solving the problem for Urbana overcapacity and it is not relieving Urbana HS not even for few years. Since there are no plans in the next 8 years of expanding capacity at Urbana High or building a new High school the problem is only pushed away for at the expense of the families that are currently leaving in the Urbana HS boundaries. Linganore HS is about 20 to 25 minutes away compared to Urbana which is 5 minutes away connected via US 80 (a very safe route for families and young drivers). Linganore HS is rated much lower than Urbana on both state and national level. The lower rating of Linganore HS is the real reason of lower enrolment. I understand the new developments are presenting challenges that are hard to address but the school district has been using Linganore High to park students until a new High School was built, instead of planning ahead along with the county to ensure schools have enough space when new communities are approved. The feeling is that developers and builders are using the high rated schools to concentrate the new communities and reach high numbers of sale. But families pay the
consequences of finding themselves redistricting to schools that they would not have chosen.Nothing.nanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option B?I want HS option B!  Thank you for that choice! I like that our kids (SamHill Estates, Lomar Drive) will continue to go to HS with their friends.  It is at Urbana HS in this option and I was grateful we had a real option this time that we can make work!  It is very upsetting that these kids that have been together in school, community, and sports would otherwise have been split from all of their friends to be moved to Linganore HS after so many years (although which HS is not an issue for me, I only care that the kids/ communities stay together). I am so happy that this option B keeps Samhill and Lomar drive at Urbana HS. I would like to see all of KES continue together through HS!  It is SO important. These are people/ kids, not
lines!I am very happy with this option as it keeps our KES family together.  It is the ONLY option we can
consider for Samhill, Manorwood and surrounding community.  We thank you for this option!We stay at UrbanaWe are requesting that the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows be moved back into the OHS feeder under Option B as it does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middle school level and actually better balances out year overcapacity rates between LHS and OHS under this option. Reasons why:
- Capacity and School Utilization Numbers:
o Balmoral and the Meadows have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is a well connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these students socially from the greater community.
o Under Option B, moving Balmoral and the Meadows to the LHS feeder has little impact on capacity numbers at all school levels (less than 1 percent). In fact, moving us back to the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B would create a more balanced out year utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels.
- Redistricting Criteria:
o Per Policy 200.2, the Board set criteria for redistricting that is intended to guide the final decision. During the January voting, community members choose their top three criteria as priorities for consideration. Two of those criteria were Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. Moving us out of the OHS feeder goes against the criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community.
o Our neighborhood was redistricted from LHS into OHS just 8 years ago. It seems due to our location, we could be in a situation of continually flip flopping between feeders as additional schools are built. The Board's criteria also includes keeping redistricting to a minimum.
- Split Feeders:
o It was clear from the March survey that parents prefer to avoid split feeders. Option B creates a split feeder at the elementary level. Additionally, a desire to have an even split moving from one school level to the next is not part of the overall redistricting criteria set forth by the Board and should not take priority over other factors when making a decision to alter an existing feeder pattern.
o Moving us into the NMMS/LHS feeder simply to achieve a 50/50 elementary to middle school split in the near term is not a sound reason to make a drastic change for these students. Hamptons West has yet to be built and could easily provide a better split balance as the homes are developed. As projection numbers are not always correct, trying to achieve a short term balance may result in a long-term imbalance as projection numbers have been incorrect in the past.
o Lastly, the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge had the March Option B (redistricted to GTJMS) removed from consideration as a result of their vocal petition despite the low utilization rate of GTJMS under both of the current options. Clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. As our recommendation
does not create an over capacity situation in either option, we should be afforded the same consideration in order to remain at OMS and OHS.Nothing!Nothing!NoNoNoNothingNothingNothing.OHS great schoolOMS is a great schoolI don't.nanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option B?Since moving into the Oakdale district, my child has been more successful in school while also becoming
more comfortable.It keeps our neighborhood togetherSame as elementaryThe projected numbers appear to have less overcrowding.Will not likely matter as will be redistricted again due to growth in Urbana and Ijamsville in the next 5 yearsI do not like itThis option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing. It sends PB57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 with the same group of children that they have been with since Kindergarten. PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 are aging communities that will have
minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the enrollment at UHS in balanceIt is greatKeeps Urbana kids at Urbana HSSameTerribleAgreeThat we would go to Urbana with the group of kids that we would attend middle school with.No opinionExcellent see above .I love Option B.  It keeps the entire current Kemptown Elm school community together at Urbana HighNothingI reject option BNothingOHS is a great school.Spreads the number of students more evenlyKeep Lake Linganore as one community. Do NOT separate out if the impact on schools is inconsequential.Keep Lake Linganore as one community. Do NOT separate out if the impact on schools is inconsequential.I like draft option B as well and for the same reasons as I mentioned above in the MS options.  I think this ends up serving the community about equally between option A and option B.  I believe Oakdale and
Linganore are very comparable on academic performance and learning opportunities for the students.This is not a good DRAFT for our community.No opinionLooks good to mesame as at the middle school level it moves a tiny neighborhood from our community and isolates our kids,
my son would be going to his first year of High with basically no friends just a few neighbors.No preference as my children will go to Oakdale in either proposal.Nothing!I am not in favor of option B, as it negatively impacts the community of lake Linganore, specifically the village of the meadows - through redistricting to a new High School (Linganore). Limited Community
impact was acknowledged as a top priority by FCPS in the redistricting process.Option B have the long term vision for FCPS long term development.Like it.Same as above.No opinionAgain, I greatly appreciate that our concerns were listened to, and that the new neighborhood of PB 57 are
being sent to Linganore rather than established, further away, communities in South county.Options A and B are fairly similarNothing, it separates the Lake Linganore community reducing critical social interactionscommunities are not divided, location to home, kids will not be speeding to get to school on time having
less car accidents, being closer to home with school starting so early, communities not being dividedIn favorVery little change between current boundaries and proposedLinganorePB154 - It better balances out capacity across schools but we do not like this option as it moves our children
to NMMS and LHSnanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option B?This option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing.  It sends PB 57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 with the same group of children that they have been in a feeder pattern with since Kindergarten. PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 are aging communities that will have minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the
enrollment at UHS in balance.Maintains the students in Green Valley area feeding into the closer Urbana HSNo commentNo to Option B. If you are going to take kids out of NMES, pulling them away from New Market Community and lumping us with other Linganore villages, don't then put the kids back to NMMS for middle and Linganore HS, which equals crazy changing feeder patterns and having to change friends again and again. Hopefully, you will keep us at NMES, but if you go with option B for new elementary, at least then have us feed into Oakdale Middle and Oakdale. High School for a sensible feeder pattern. So feeder
would be New elementary --> Oakdale Middle-> Oakdale HS.Distribution makes more senseNo opinionPlan B is NOT Good - Keep Lake Linganore all going to Oakdale High.It's the closest school to our house, so that's nice.School close to home. No change.I like this option as it allows my daughter to attend LHS w/her classmates, and it will be a shorter driving
distance once she gets her license and is driving to and from after-school activities.dislikeStaying with LinganoreThat is makes our community whole again.My schools don't changeNo happy at all because several consideration are not taken into account.stay in UHthis option allows my
high school sophmore  to complete her years at Urbana.Moves the Meadows to Linganore High and for many kids in that neighborhood, they would miss out on
staying in the Oakdale system and would break the Lake community.Going to close school!Lake Linganore, at least east of Boyers Mill Road, should probably have never been redistricted to Oakdale HS.  This would be a step in correcting that.  And even though it might be considered "splitting a community," West Winds already goes to Linganore, and quite honestly Lake Linganore is a community of communities anyway.  So at least you're taking one of those communities and putting it back where it
probably belongs anyway.I like that the Lansdale development is going north of I-70.  I don't like that Rattlewood is split.  It should all
be Oakdale or Linganore.  Not split in half.I prefer HS Option B.  It limits the transportation costs.  Transporting those kids from the Kemptown area all
the way to Linganore is a waste!FineNothing. I feel like the only reason this option is on the table is because of Urbana parents throwing a fit on
Facebook.I like Option B - it keeps all the current students from Windsor Knolls HS together through graduation. My Urbana HS student is in the IB program and it would be a huge help for for him to have bus transportation
to UHS through at least 2021.Plan B is NOT Good - Keep Lake Linganore all going to Oakdale High.goodThis seems to balance student location to their high school the best.  These students will be driving to school
and the closer the distance the better in regards to safety.That all of the children in the Villages will stay together and my child can walk safely to school.no commentdoes not affectAt least we get to go to Oakdale HighSame as AnonrWest Winds continues to go to LinganoreNothing.  This option has our children moving schoolsnanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option B?Fine it's the same schoolThe whole neighborhood going to the same high school school while keeping the capacity lower and keeps
us part of the Lou community that the children have always been apart of.It keeps all the children who live in Urbana together.Like that Oakdale has higher educational scoringi like that this option lessens the amount of students at OHS so OHS does not become overcrowded as
quickly.Makes sense geographically.Like this option as we would continue to feed to UrbanaThere is nothing I like about an option that has UHS at 122% capacity by the time my rising 7th grader is a
freshman, while OHS is at 84%.Attendance size decompressionKeeps my children at UrbanaThis plan is the best option at the HS level.  Option B provides a better balance to utilization of all HS within the study while providing for further growth.  This option minimizes feeder splits and creates better
continuity for students as they progress from elementary school to high school within our area.I only like this option if the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows (PB154, 157, and 159) be moved back into
the OHS feeder as it does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middle school level and actually better balances out year overcapacity rates between LHS and OHS under this option.Like itnoNot preferred.  See comments above.I would like Option B to keep Spring Ridge kids at Oakdale High. It also keeps numbers at OHS down and
its best for our kids.Preserves feeder patternI like option B because it keeps all the Kemptown kids together and my family as been an Urbana Hawks
supporter/graduate since 2003.Oakdale is much closerNothing. Urbana High school, for many years, has been listed as the best/ # 1 high school in Frederick county so, most people with kids moved to the Landsdale area for their kids to attend or eventually attend Urbana High. This makes the redistricting feels like a bait and switch when it come to our kids' education !
Very disappointing and upsetting !We go to UrbanaA and B both keep villages of Urbana togetherGreen Valley Subdivision remains part of Urbana HS which makes most sense logistically. And there are very few high school aged students in this neighborhood at any given year.
Additionally Kemptown Subdivision remains part of Urbana HS which makes more sense than switching them to Linganore HS. Does a decent job of addressing overcrowding at Urbana HS by redistricting
Landsdale Subdivision.No opinionWould prefer this option.  This keeps my kids in the Urbana feed which is what they were brought up in all
thier lives.Better balance of utilization among the study area high schools in terms of projected enrollment.Liganore HSI like that spring ridge goes to oakdale.This option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing. It sends PB57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 with the same group of children that they have been with since Kindergarten. PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 are aging communities that will have minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the enrollment at UHS in
balance.Better for my family as far as proximityKeeps us at Ubana HSUrbana HS boundary is slightly more compact than current one, lessening potential for overcrowdingMeets the following criteria: keeps communities together and proximity of schools.Option B Impacts fewer HS students than Option A.  (Option A/193) (Option B/152)  Moreover, in Option B the impact burden is more equally distributed between Oakdale High School and Urbana High School. Since both OHS and UHS populations contribute to the population growth, it is fair that both schools share
the burden of impact.nanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option B?Both plans make sense for my area.NothingI think this is a great option because it allows the Lake Linganore (Meadows) kids to get back to the roots of going to Linganore and NMMS! I love the idea of splitting Lake Linganore so the kids can meet other kids
from different neighborhoods.See aboveLike that it is also LinganorefineGood. (Oakdale) same feeder pattern as thier middle and elementary.It keeps our neighborhood together.I can see the areas and less changes are having to be madeI am glad that my kids can go to UHSLong term balance of utilizationIt keeps our children in the same schools as the kids they will have gone to Elementary and Middle.Do not support Option B as it splits Balmoral and Meadows from rest of Linganore to go to NME and
LinganoreMore desirableMy neighborhood stays in the current feeder pattern.not a fanNo opinionNo commentI do not like this optionFor my street A & B would be the sameNot a lotBoth of these options are excellent and take into account the priority of having a community high school.That PB 167 and most of the current Kemptown students attend UHS.  This makes sense over new, planned
communities, which are in closer proximity to Linganore than us.None.We will stay  in Urbana high school.Good. No change for my kidNothingNo real opinionN.a.Our neighborhood remains In Urbana HS and doesn't change or uproot the strong alliance we've had with
the Hawks.Overall does a better job addressing overcrowding among the 3 feedersI like that it keeps west winds in linganoreThat we stay at Urbana HS and maintains most of the WKMS feeder pattern- it would keep more kids
together who went to Elem and middle schoolI want my children to graduate from their attended school.The utilization in 2028 is more balanced in Option B as compared to Option A.  This better distribution of
students will allow the county to better manage the over capacity of the schools.This option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing.  It sends PB 57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 with the same group of children that they have been in a feeder pattern with since Kindergarten. PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37,
and PB 179 are aging communities that will have minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the enrollment at UHS in balance.No opinionThat we are in the Oakdale feederThis option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing.  It sends PB 57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 with the same group of children that they have been in a feeder pattern with since Kindergarten. PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 are aging communities that will have minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the
enrollment at UHS in balance.nannanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option B?There would be less children attending oakdale high school which is needed as there are multiple housing developments planned in this area. Linganore has lower counts so additional children could be moved to
Linganore and help the over populated oakdale high.Urbana kids stay at Urbana schools!!Why was Landsdale removed when there is no benefit to the school or county?  Keep Landsdale at Urbana
high school.My children would maintain consistency in the Oakdale feeder pattern.Keep Kemptown together.it keeps my children in the same middle schoolKeeps things as is for HSI like that it looks at the future.Plan B is not good. Keep Lake Linganore all going to Oakdale High.Plan B is NOT Good - Keep Lake Linganore all going to Oakdale High.There is nothing that I like about the High School DRAFT Option BNo opinionIt is okayI like that PB 179 and PB 9 remain together and attend Urbana. I do not like the feeder pattern from ES option B that sends PB 179 to twin ridge but then ultimately Urbana. I am ok with this option as long as the ES options are modified to keep PB 179 at Kemptown and with other kids that will be in their feeder
pattern.Nothing in its current draft form.It keeps WestWinds in the current feeder pattern with closest schoolsMy children can walk to school and have access to advanced coursesGoodThat it will keep the meadows and balmoral at Oakdale and our communities togetherMore of KES stays together Elementary through high school .I don't like it since I will lose Urbana HSI orefer this option.Option B:  Impacts fewer HS students than Option A.  (Option A/193) (Option B/152)  Moreover, in Option B the impact burden is more equally distributed between Oakdale High School and Urbana High School.
Since both OHS and UHS populations contribute to the population growth, it is fair that both schools share
the burden of impact.This appears to be the better of the two HS options providing the longest term population relief for all three
high schools in consideration.I like that our neighborhood kids in Greenview will go to Oakdale for high school with their friends from ES
and MS.Keeps OHS less utilizedIt allows more current UHS students to attend. (Once again, just because I personally like this does not
mean it's best for the county as a whole, as it's probably not.)Just like with middle school, most of linganore is together except for the meadows. The only piece that is
missing is the meadows.That my children would be districted to a school with lower enrollment.I like that my children and all of Urbana will stay together.No opinionA and B are the same for us given our planning block (1).No difference.nanWhat do you like about High School DRAFT Option B?Option B:  Impacts fewer HS students than Option A.  (Option A/193) (Option B/152)  Moreover, in Option B the impact burden is more equally distributed between Oakdale High School and Urbana High School.
Since both OHS and UHS populations contribute to the population growth, it is fair that both schools share the burden of impact.
1.  High School Utilization Statistics  Lower Utilization %s under Option B for 2 out of 3 HS:
Under Option B, Oakdale HS shows 6% lower utilization than Option A, and Linganore HS shows 3% lower utilization than Option A.
2.  High School Projections: Total Option Projections are lower by 5% in two of the last three projected years under Option B..
Projected Enrollment Percentages are lower in 2025 by 2%, 2028 by 3%.
3. High School Enrollment: Total 9-12 Estimated Enrollment is lower for 2 out of 3 HS under Option B: Under Option B, Oakdale HS and Linganore HS show lowered estimated enrollments:
LHS (Option A/1529) (Option B/1488)
OHS (Option A/1293) (Option B/1196)
In addition, in comparing 2018-2019 9-12 enrollment with the estimated enrollment under Option A and B, Option B lowers enrollment for Oakdale HS more and shows less increased enrollment for Linganore High School under Option B:
2018/2019 9-12 Estimated Enrollment OHS 1293 (Option A/1291) (Option B/1194)I do NOT like this option, for the reasons I stated above in the discussion of middle school options.Utilization of OHS is a bit lower than A.Option B allows for slightly less overcrowding at the middle and high school levels, but does so at the expense of students in PB 154, 157, and 159. If Option B were modified to move these planning blocks back to OMS/OHS, while maintaining NMMS/LHS for the not-yet-developed PB 158, this would create a more balanced out year utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels. Removing the aforementioned
planning blocks has only a 1% impact on overcrowding numbers at the middle and high school levels.No answerI do not have strong opinions about option B, as very little is being changed with the boundary.This option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing.  It sends PB 57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 with the same group of children that they have been in a feeder pattern with since Kindergarten. PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 are aging communities that will have minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the
enrollment at UHS in balance.I don't like that it puts Meadows and Balmoral in the LHS feederBreaking up the Meadows and Balmoral into the LHS feeder seems short sighted.That Landsdale was considered to go to Linganore vs the smaller more developed neighborhood. Landsdale can be developed further where current mature neighborhoods have no where to build on allowing them to
same size and going to Urbana.Option B: Impacts fewer HS students than Option A. (Option A/193) (Option B/152) Moreover, in Option B the impact burden is more equally distributed between Oakdale High School and Urbana High School. Since both OHS and UHS populations contribute to the
population growth, it is fair that both schools share the burden of impact.See belowOption B keeps most of the students who are currently districted for  UHS staying at UHS.  This is the best option for an already divided community.  This option looks like there were compromises to making the
best outcome for the students.Nothing unless it stays in OHS.doesn't include new hamptons areasLike it - not a lot of change from current.It keeps future enrollment down at OHS.I favor this option so that LHS doesn't absorb more from the Urbana District.This one is acceptable.No opinionnannanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BKeep Landsdale at UHS.  The first 3 drafts had 2 of the 3 options keeping the Landsdale community at Urbana High School. Option #1, which had Landsdale going to Linganore, was the LEAST favorable option.  Now, we have no choice?? Explain how this will impact the social-emotional well-being of the adolescents that JUST moved to the area, now having to change schools again.  Explain how this prioritizes keeping kids off buses & in close proximity to schools when the mileage from Landsdale to
Linganore is 8 miles vs. 4..  That is  to the school is twice as far as UHS.Stinks. You placed Landsdale in the least popular zone. You did not respect our initial survey results and thoughts. You have an
already determined agenda; that much has been made clear this week.Keep Landsdale at Urbana High School!!! The mileage to Linganore is twice as far as that to Urbana, and the community surveyed said proximity to schools was one of the most important factors. The district is treating this community terribly by bouncing us around, and is once again proving how unless you live in the Villages of Urbana, our voices do not matter.  We do not want to move high schools. Our students just did that.  Shame on FCPS for caving to the pressures of the "Urbana"
community once again.  We matter too.  Our children deserve to be noticed as well, not thought of as second class.I think the drafts changed very drastically from the first drafts and I am very unhappy with the drafts.   I believe the county is not working together with all needed partners.  Looking at numbers alone without looking at infrastructure of the schools is going to make for some large concerns in the near future when schools have problems and lots of students there.
GVES has so little parking and the school is going to have to give up more green space to add portable classrooms.  The kids are going to have no where to go outside at recess and will be standing on top of each other.  The bathrooms are completely inadequate for the number of students there.  The lack of security at the entrance and the students hanging out in the main hallway- leaving them as sitting ducks.   The county needs to consider this before placing more students in that school.   It is a shame that county continues to let one school deteriorate while building other schools.   As mentioned above, there is no money in the system for at least ten years to address any of the above mentioned items.   Additionally, the busing issues continue here
as well.  The sitting in traffic and inability for safe turns is troubling, especially with young children on the bus.I'm worried about Landsdale student driving to Linganore HS early in the morning in the dark. Ed McClain is dangerous and too narrow. This must be corrected OR a direct route to 75 should be done through the back of Landsdale.  A narrow road with no
street lights and new young drivers don't mix. This is my biggest concern.For the safety of the community of Landsdale, please keep us at Urbana High School. Landsdale, under NO circumstances, should be districted to Linganore until the roads and infrastructure is seriously revamped and in the budget for serious fixing. How is the infrastructure going to be taken care of?   Please release and show your traffic study patterns.  Have the buses actually drive the route.  75 & 80 are difficult to access without a light. Left turns are not allowed out of the community onto Ed McClain, and Ed McClain is not even two lanes wide where it comes out on 75.  New drivers coming to and from school is a disaster waiting to happen.  Is that  what it will take for someone to pay attention? I certainly hope the safety and well being of
our students is worth being proactive about.Both High School options have Landsdale going to Linganore.  This is NOT what was presented to the community, and does NOT follow the survey responses from the first round of drafts.  Last round, Draft #1 was the least popular, and the only one sending our community to Linganore.  Now you have re-drawn lines, completely ignoring our community input.  Once again
the pressure of the Villages of Urbana have spoken and FCPS has caved to them.I am incredibly disappointed to see Landsdale being moved out of Urbana High School.  This is NOT what the community response and engagement asked for. In fact, it feels very much like a slap in the face.  Why ask for our input and then completely
go against every last bit of it?At a time when parent involvement is so very much needed in our children's lives, sending the Landsdale students to Linganore High School is stripping the opportunity for involvement away from so many of us working parents that are in DC and Montgomery County.  The school is simply way too far for us to get to after work.  It is highly disappointing to see our students'
best interests and our community input being ignored.Keep Landsdale at Urbana High School!!!!What is the plan to fix Ed McClain Road?  Have buses already driven a route from Landsdale to Linganore?  Please release the time on buses from Landsdale to Linganore as compared from Lansdale to Urbana and explain how by sending Landsdale to
Linganore you are minimizing our children's time on buses.The safety of driving from Landsdale to Linganore MUST be addressed before this is allowed to happen.It really seems another HS in the area is required in the very near future.Do not ignore the need for serious road improvements and additional lights to be added around the Landsdale community in order for our students to safely travel to Linganore High School.  By moving us to Linganore, FCPS is completely ignoring the
community surveys and input thus far.  Minimize time on buses!!!!nanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BI think you all need to rethink why you have simply carved Landsdale out of the Urbana district. I just don't get that. There are other ways for it to be done. I also don't understand why two of the three previous options had us staying at UHS. Now we don't even have one option as a possibility. It's Linganore or nothing. I don't care that some of our neighborhood was supposed to eventually go to  Linganore anyway. That section, the northern area, has not even been developed yet. Figure this out. Many of  us who moved into our neighborhood did it because we were under the impression that UHS was our school. And it is especially tough to swallow when your kids are already attending. Obviously you can't please everyone, I know that. But this just seems fishy with how things have changed. What annoys me even more is that my oldest son actually wanted to go to Linganore for Project Lead The Way. He got accepted in his 8th grade year at WKMS. He did all the work, got the grades, got the recommendations from his teachers (all on his own) and got accepted. But he couldn't go because both of us work and could not pick him up in the afternoons. He was denied bus transportation even though the bus drives right past our neighborhood and   his current bus stop. Pathetic. And now you want to force him to go there and it's too late to join the program. Classic. Thanks for
nothing FCPS.I moved to the neighborhood I live in so that my kids would attend Urbana High School and not sit on a bus for 20+ minutes
each morning and afternoon. There is no reason that Landsdale needs to go to Linganore.I am extremely pleased with both Option A and B on all levels - elementary, middle, and high school.  I am happy that the public
has been kept well-informed throughout this process and that their feedback has been valued and considered.Love that you kept Urbana kids IN Urbana!Dear Dr. Alban and Members of the FCPS Board of Education, I implore you to take a serious look at the traffic patterns around the Landsdale community.  Please get on a school bus and actually travel the proposed bus routes to Linganore High School, preferably in torrential rain or icy conditions. Time the trip.  Make note of the traffic patterns, the roads traveled, and how long it takes you to do so.  The take the trip from Landsdale to Urbana High School and compare the notes from both trips.  Which is more accessible?  Which was the easier route?  Which drive took the shortest amount of time?  How many miles were driven in each trip? Now make that a round trip and compare again. To move forward with the newly released redistricting options without seriously considering the lack of accessibility for our community to travel safely to Linganore high school would be largely irresponsible. It is truly a disaster waiting to happen.  Votes on fixing the infrastructure were blocked by the residents of Monrovia prior to our community being built.  This now causses HUGE concern as the roads that would need to be traveled to safely make it to Linganore High School are in dire need of repair, widening, replacement, and many traffic assessments.  If the school system is not willing to seriously address these concerns, one can only hope disaster doesn't strike.  Make a fully informed decision.  Do not just move our kids to balance out numbers without fully considering the risks you are putting their lives at by having so many young drivers and buses needing to travel roads that are not meant for such heavy traffic.  Release the plan on
how you intend on addressing these concerns.  Sincerely, an extremely concerned Landsdale parent of FCPS studentsI thought the first survey said no spit feeders was a priority, yet Windsor Knolls Middle School is still being split between
Urbana and Linganore.  Way to listen to the community.This will change our high school. There is no feasible access for all busses and students to commute to Linganore from Landsdale. Ed McClain road going north will need to be improved or alternative access to 75 north will need to be expedited.
The current road situation is not safe or reasonable for busses to be traveling on with students.Seriously, our community looks forward to hearing from your group on how you arrived to the two current suggested plans. Our community is up in arms and is dumbfounded considering the recent, unsupported change from the survey and past
models.  Please help our community understand the thought processes and information that led to this decision.Please update us on how you made this decision when none of the survey results and two out of three previous maps didn't
support you decision to move Landsdale to Linganore HS. Take a look at property values on the other side of 70 and you'll see comparable homes for far less.  Afraid this will negatively impact Landsdale properly values in a noticeable way.The meadows should not be split down the middle as far as school districts go. We prefer option A.no opinionI do not think option B is feasibly possible.  It will divide a few streets in the community to a different middle school making carpools, community and school spirit difficult and produces bus issues.  Option A allows the entire community to stay together and seems the more prudent and feasible option.  Option B has too many issues and complications arising from only a few
streets in the neighborhood to be redistricted.ONLY SUPPORT OPTION BPlease reconsider having the Meadows/ Balmoral neighborhoods separated from their communities.We may consider moving if our area of the Meadows is redistricted to Linganore High School. The school has a much lower rating than Oakdale. I don't like the idea of the Meadows being split into two different schools. This will be tough on all of the
neighborhood kids.I'm fine with either option. They are all good schools.None.Option A best.It is ridiculous to separate ONLY the Meadows area students from ALL the other LL students!!Thanks again for keeping West Winds going to Linganore High School.  We are too close to that school for this not to be the case.noNoMakes total sense to send Lansdale kids to Linganore in both options. Option B makes the most sense for utilizationnanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BNoI don't like that our MS will be spilt between 2 different high schools.nanGreat optionsI prefer Option B due to the fact it is not as over crowded.A is better than BI think option B is the better option - for the high school ratiosOption B please! Can't vote for it enough!!!I moved to this area purposely to send my kids to the best schools which included Urbana High School, not Linganore. Keep
Landsdale at Urbana High School!See above reply to the elementary options.I believe that at least juniors and seniors should be given the choice of redistricting or not. They've spent half of their high school
career in one location, and it seems unfair to force them into another unfamiliar school.While West Winds is already part of the Linganore feeder, adding the Meadows and Balmoral to that mix is not as seamless as it looks on a map.  The entrance to the Meadows is shared with Coldstream, Audobon, Northshore, etc.. on Boyers Mill which is no where near West Winds.  I understand teh new Hampton development being grouped with West Winds as their main entrance will be on Gas House Pike but I feel the Meadows and Balmoral need to stay on the Oakdale side.  (To be clear, I have no problems with either school, Linganore or Oakdale, they're both great!  I'm judging this based on logistics and a community
together in spirit.  Also if Eaglehead move to become a municipality in the future, which is being studied and discussed,  it seems that keeping the students in that municipality in the schools in that municipality should be a priority.)These options are the same for us either way, and I am fine with that.As the community grows older, how would we tackle overcrowding in HS?No issuesBoth options balance and distribute the students while minimizing the impact on our communities. I appreciate the time and effort invested into the study and to provide realistic options that minimize impact. I hope that the ideas behind these two
options are kept on the final option. Thanks.I think DRAFT Option B is too large of a feeder pattern.I am so disappointed that it is even an option to split our village of lake Linganore from the rest of the community for middle
and high school. We would have not purchased our home had we known this would happen. Or is completely unacceptable.I prefer Draft A for High SchoolFor the 2020-2021 school year, my daughter will be a senior at Urbana HS. My son will be a junior, and my youngest daughter will be a freshman. I am a single mom raising three kids, and our family has been through a lot in the past few years. Though not guaranteed, I assume seniors would be allowed to graduate  from UHS; however, I have two other children who are scheduled  to attend Urbana HS that school year. Not only would the stress of having 3 high school children attending different schools be a burden from a single mom's perspective, the emotional/mental health consequences to my children is profoundly upsetting to me. We live in Manorwood neighborhood...our numbers have such a minimal impact that I implore you to keep our children on the same track. The new Option B has our neighborhood attending Urbana High School. This is the only option I support. Thank
you.NoneNoneNoKeep Landsdale at Urbana!!! When Landsdale started building and it was already approved by the county before the "locals' could actually chime in. One of the reasons why Monrovia Town Center never got off the ground. Their surveys were not adequate when they tried to push through and residents in the area pushed back - not because of developing the area but because there were no resources being put forth for infrastructure - roads, schools, police and fire.  They wanted to see these things addressed before more development took place. Landsdale is MAYBE half way done. Developers promised local area that they wouldn't need the north side of Ed McClain road because Monrovia Town Center would have a road going through that would connect to 75 somewhere near the post office and Nevets. Now that MTC is currently off the table - now what?  And here
families are - discussing schools.  LHS is a great school, but yes almost three times further. No logic there.This option helps keep kids in the Linganore community together in the most consistent way possible.  By allowing Meadows/Balmoral to stay in the same Oakdale pattern you are giving us the chance to maintain both student relationships AND parent relationships.  I rely heavily on the other parents for updates, information, and general details about if my kid is okay.  Even the walking trails in the Balmoral and Meadows areas connect with the rest of the community.  These relationships make our schools strong and our students perform better (which honestly, is great for the county).  It will be a detriment for the neighborhood and the school district if that advantage is taken away.  (I do not live in Balmoral/Meadows, I live in Pinehurst and this is still really important to me.  I like knowing the kids I see at the pool and at the park - I would hate to not have that
anymore).Please consider keeping our community together at the Oakdale feeders.What are the chances of Option C - Build a new high school, in the next 5-10 years?I think it's important that Meadows/Balmoral not be split from the rest of the community and not be split in half.  Friendships
and a sense of belonging/unity would be negatively impacted.nanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BFor High Schoolers and those who live in Lansdale there is no difference in options between A&B as both are zoned for Linganore.  I choose to live in Landsdale mainly for Urbana High School.  The first two years we were here my children where  on bus 45 minutes as it picked up in Landsdale and went almost to target to get kids.  I can not imagine the commute to Linganore, plus the road there are not as safe.  I like that my children can walk to the dentist or doctors after school.  I choose Urbana as it is ranked #12,  Linganore is #56.  My husband works in Frederick and I in Baltimore County.  We moved from Towson with my husband having the long commute.  We moved because Towson high School had fallen in the ranking from 11 to 26.  If I had wanted my children to go to an inferior school, I would not have spent another $100,000 on a home and I definitely would be spending 3 hours in a car each day.  We are also concerned that the value of our home will change drastically.  New
construction for schools zoned for Linganore and Oakdale sell for much lessPlease keep the Lake Linganore Community together in the same high school and feeders.  It's a detriment to the kids that have  to change midway through the schooling and could have adverse affects on the neighborhoods eliminated for the Oakdale feeder
system.Keep option A and not B you will split a community!!!!No.Prefer Option A. More of our community stays together with this option. West Winds is closer to Linganore High and
Meadows/Balmoral closer to Oakdale High, so doesn't make sense to change this taking into consideration teen drivers.Dislike B because it splits lake Linganore.  The splitting was rejected by residents in round one. Unsure why it's even an option
for round 2.Makes no difference to my areaHaving 2 kids scheduled to go to UHS in the future (starting in 4 and 6 years from now), preference would be on the option that mitigates growth and overcapacity at UHS.  Option B seems to do that better than Option A.  Hopefully a new high school can be
built before all 3 HS are at their breaking point.I prefer Option A because it is less change for my son and he would go to Linganore instead of Urbana. It makes more sense in
terms of proximity.They both workNoeither option takes a small portion of kids from Windsor Knolls and puts them with Urbana MS kids who they don't know.AI would like to see Options A and B combined as this would better help with crowding at both OHS & UHS.Urbana needs relief !NonaIn Draft B - meadows neighborhood has No direct route to Linganore high school... breaks up the neighborhood ... only
neighborhood to have direct access to Gas House Pike is WoodridgeLandsdale homes are sold w higher property values for UHS feeder -the same Builders new developments nearer Linganore HS are not same value -we chose to pay more for our children to attend UHS & feel our community is being unfairly considered expendable! UHS is a Blue Ribbon HS w an IB program & was the deciding factor for our purchase! The last map options had Landsdale still considered UHS in at least 2 options -It is unclear how now both maps reassigned our entire community to
Linganore HS.I like that Option B allows for more current UHS students to remain at UHS (those toward Mt. Airy and Penn Shop Rd.).Option B takes a small chunk of our community and sends them to a different schoolI LIKE BOTHI LIKE BOTHI prefer that most Linganore communities stay together!  I think splitting Meadows & Balmoral from the rest (Coldstream, Aspens, Woodbridge, etc) Is NOT in the best interest of kids who have been going to school together for so long :(.  I vote for
DRAFT A!!!West winds should stay with NMHSPlease keep the Lake Linganore Community together in the same high school and feeders.  It's a detriment to the kids that have
to change midway through the schooling and could have adverse affects on the neighborhoods eliminated for the Oakdale feeder system.Landsdale should go to Urbana HSNoThis is happening because you caved to people in holly hills and Urbana.  If we wanted to go to tj or another school we would
have moved to a neighborhood that feeds to that school.NoSpilts our neighborhood upIn Option B, would it be possible to keep the existing houses/area from the Meadows/Balmoral in Lake Linganore at Oakdale and all the new building around the new elementary school would be the cut off to Linganore High? Obviously, there are not
current occupants living in that area and home owners would buy with the understanding of the boundary lines.nanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BWe moved here with the knowledge that our child would attend Oakdale schools, and we want our child to attend with the
other students in our chosen communityNo concerns as my kids stay at Urbana which is walking distance from my home.Please keep HS Option B as it is has been presented.noNo.I prefer Option APrefer aNoOption A best.Thes options don't include the landsdale neighborhood staying in Urbana HS district. That was the most popular option from
before and I can't understand why it was removed.Thank you for sending West Winds to LHS, this is the only high school our children should go to.  It's 2.5 miles from our home. With young drivers, close is essential.  I'm relieved and appreciate your group listening to our many emails.  I know we're a small group but we are the closest neighborhood to LHS.  Again, thank you so much!!!  Our neighborhood is thrilled with this
decision!I am happy with either as it doesn't change anythingProximity to school and community cohesiveness are most important to us.  Option B takes away both for the Lake Linganore
community. We are closer to Oakdale so switching to Linganore will mean a much longer us ride for my kids.  It will also create a divide in the community.  I strongly disagree with option B.What will be beat for class sizes?I am more concerned and hoping that there is a way to grandfather kids in as the transition occurs. Of course we prefer to remain in the OHS district. I know there are areas within LLA with new developments. Most of us from the Meadows and Balmoral  have been part of the LLA community for many years. As a result, these kids have roots in the community and friends. It will be difficult to separate and start over as a high school student if there is not an option to grandfather in the kids 5th, 8th, 10th grade or higher (especially seniors and even juniors).  If parents select to drive these students to their current school, would that
potentially save transportation cost the first two years of the redistricting?I like A  better - after comparing the optionsYes. PLAN A IS THE BEST PLAN FOR LAKE LINGANORE. THEY SHOULD ALL GO TO OAKDALE TOGETHER LIKE A
COMMUNITY SHOULD.Stop overdeveloping!It seems to be in the best interest of everyone to send Landsdale to Linganore.  That neighborhood continues to grow and there is
not room at Urbana for them.  Therefore, I think Option A and B are excellent options!It is breaking up the community.  Lake Linganore residents need to all go to the same schoolUprooting my daughter her junior year of high school would have a negative impact on the friends she has made in our community since kindergarten.   I am 100% against Option B.  It is disheartening to hear the redistricting could affect my child
who is in her last two years if school.I like a better that it sends Landsdale to Linganore.Keep schools under capacity is much better for students and teachers.In Option B you divide the Lake Linganore community, sending a small portion  (the Meadows and Balmoral) to a different middle and high school than the rest of the community. I think it is unfair to separate such a small group from their peers. These kids have grown up sharing the same pools, beaches, sports teams and boy/girl scout groups. My daughter will graduate from Oakdale Middle School when this goes into effect and then have to go to Linganore High School. This is a lot of burden on a few
students to leave 90% of their peers to go to a different high school. You mentioned that you would divide schools as close to 50/50 as you could.NoI prefer Option A because it does not break off one of the longest existing villages from the Lake Linganore Community.  As a Meadows resident for 19 years, my children have grown up with and formed relationships with other children in the Lake Linganore community including Pinehurst, Aspen, and Coldstream.  The uptick of growth and additions to Lake Linganore and surrounding communities makes Meadows residents feel like we are being "pushed out" , especially with this surprise Option B. Why can't the "new growth" /"new builds"  such as Hamptons East and West  take the impact of being redistricted to LHS since
the boundaries could be set and established before the houses are built?My husband and I purchased our house in the Landsdale community in this year, specifically because it is zoned for Urbana HS. I specifically voted for the concept in the previous survey that retained our area for Urbana HS. That zoning has now been entirely eliminated under both Option A and Option B. Linganore HS is further from our home, with a non-convenient
commuting route and poorer road conditions. We did not move to our current community for our child to attend Linganore HS.ANaThank you for going back to the drawing table. These new concepts are so much better. Please continue to keep communities
together.nanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BAgain, Option B is a non-starter.  It removes the Meadows and Balmoral kids from any schooltime social interaction with literally
every other village in Lake Linganore.Why do you insist on splitting the two villages in Lake Linganore community from the others?noPick option AHS B is betterKeep our kids at OHS where they belongNoI vote for AThank you for including Old Orchard Estates.OkOption A: Would like to see our kids continue in the same schools as their friends that they play sports with, spend summers
with and build relationships with.Please don't exclude 18 kids from the Urbana area in Option B.I do not like Option B because it excludes a small portion of Lake Linganore from the Meadows.  These children have grown up
together in a close knit community and it is important to my family that the lake community sticks together.Nooption Aoption AUrbana HS is getting crowded.CHECK YOUR ESTIMATES FOR LANDSDALE VS NEIGHBORING COMMUNITIES........
In all options our community (Landsdale) is completely removed from the district it was in. Looking over the map, I do not see a single other community where this occurred.  Why is there no option to give feedback where my children have a chance to go to Urbana?  Linganore is further away and is a lower ranked school.
Of the 3 communities I see being built in the local area (Landsdale, Urbana-Stone Barn & Linganore Town Center) Landsdale is expected, based on your estimates, to have a far larger mass of HS students than the other two communities.
For example Linganore-TC has 215ES students, but only 120 HS students expected(120HS/215ES = ES/HS ratio of 0.56); Urbana- SB has 188 ES students but only 115 HS students (ratio = 0.61).  Landsdale has 84 ES students, but has 134 HS students expected. The ES/HS Ratio here is 1.60, it is 2-3 x higher than the other communities.  This makes me think the math is wrong and Landsdale is being overly biased to appear to have a larger expected impact on highschoools than other similar communities.
I would expect our community to have only 51 HS students given the math for the other communities - in that case we are a drop in the bucket for either HS, Urbana or Linganore - why move our children out of a good school into a poorer performing HS???
Why do that to our children?Draft Option A is well received by the majority of LLA Residents as it includes all villages retaining the same schools as we
currently haveNo opinion.NoIt is logical to feed future developments Hamptons West and East into New Market Middle and Linganore HS pattern. Construction is beginning and putting new developments into the LHS feeder will not cause community disruption like taking
established neighborhoods out of their current feeder. Option B will disrupt community ties in Lake Linganore.It singles out Landsdale and force our kids to go to a HS that is farther away.Only Option B incorporated community's suggestion and we are in favor of that. Option A did not considered community's
responseI would suggest keeping Landsdale community at this time of condition due to several safety and road conditions. Include
Option C for survey to consider Landsdale community to UHS zone, which I think it is fair enough to get the public opinion. Thank you.Again, Option B would create a horrible feeder path for our neighborhood if ES Option B is selected.It makes no sense why you've heard how impt it is to keep the LL community together and didn't include one tiny section of the
Meadows/BalmoralI'm fine with itI believe the Cropper team did a fair job trying to account for the future developments when developing these draft options over
the initial concepts.nanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BPLEASE consider feeder patters when looking at these options with respect to Windsor Knolls Middle School splitting between Linganore and Urbana HS.  If I recall from the presentation yesterday, there was enrollment relief to Urbana HS in both scenarios (because you removed Landsdale - which was awesome)...so please allow the most kids from the Kemptown feeder pattern to continue on with their community of PB 29, 167, 30, etc.
I do think this has shown that there needs to be an additional middle school and high school in the future because enrollment  will keep growing.  I like that Landsdale was bumped to Linganore - that community never should have been allowed near the Urbana area as it brought town homes and high density housing population to an already growing area - and there was NO MONEY FOR NEW SCHOOLS.  I am not sure who pulled a fast one on that - but with the continued building in Urbana and this area, redistricting is only a temporary fix. Please suggest to the school board that they start planning or finding money for new schools because our children's futures should not be impacted by poor planning in a county that gives in to greedy developers
and allows them to build and build without charging money for schools.We are a community that is focused in our children and what is best for them. Many, if not all of us, have moved here and put
down roots with these current feeder schools in mind.I am for option A, opposed to option B.  I am a teacher in the LHS feeder pattern and know how good of a feeder pattern it is. However, I feel option B has significant issues with moving a contingent of the community to an entirely different system.  I do see the effects of option B with those living within the LHS/UHS feeder pattern, but those changes seem much more feasible as these students already have connections to LHS/UHS with their feeder systems currently merged.  Is seems a far more prudent decision to keep all of our community together as option A presents, as it is and has been for years, rather than take a
disproportionate amount of our community and send it to a different school, allowing for two feeder systems of busses within the same community, and a significant amount of change for those students currently in the high school.Neither option looks good to me as they are both way over capacity.option A seems to be better for everyone in UrbanaI would prefer an option that sends more than a small handful of Urbana kids from  WKMS to UHS (option B). That seems like it
would be very hard socially on those kids. It would be better to have a large cohort, as was presented earlier in the process.GOODLess kids moved the better      If you can take a chunk from one school instead of 2 chunks from 2 schools. Just thankful my high
school kids are not on the bubble.  This is really sad for the HS kids especially upper classman.nanSchools like TJ will continue to be underused, and Oakdale and Urbana will be overcapacity after a few more years of large-scale residential development.  Neither plan goes far enough to address the massive problems these schools are facing now or the
future.Nono, i would prefer option aWith a child starting Urbana High school next year, I would like the consistency to remain at Urbana HS for her and her
brothers.I like AI prefer option B for HS b/c it keeps the class sizes a bit smaller at LinganorePleased with these options.  Hopeful these are the drafts that remain.Both Options will have over 100% utilization by 2021in UHS. To my surprise, in option A, there will be a huge jump in students
between 2021 and 2025. The question is which area will potentially grow so fast? If you can find out where the number come from, it could help to refine the boundaries and lower the utilization of UHS.If you look at the high school option projections, you'll realized that although Urbana HS got immediate capacity relief in HS option A, the utilization will bounce back to 150% within the next 10 years and these numbers usually being underestimated. Whereas in HS option B, the long term utilization increase more smoothly. Besides, initial overall utilization among all three
schools are the same between HS option A and B. I don't see any benefit choosing option A.Lake Linganore is a close knit community. Breaking up the kids would be a terrible idea and would make a lot of people very
unhappy if option B moved forward. Really hoping that option A wins out.NoThese look much better than original options which had smaller neighborhoods being bounced around from established feeder
patterns.Option B is the only one that makes sense for our community as a whole present and future.  Please do not let a few community members bully the system into doing something that does not make sense for all for their short term personal reasons.  PLEASE
do what is best for all of FCPS and our community!NonenanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BI think moving Lansdale to Linganore HS is a smart move for the following reasons
1. Urbana HS got the capacity relief they needed
2. This neighborhood is still under construction and not yet fully developed, the FCPS will face less opposition to move it right now than when all 52 MS and 137 ES students are ready for the HS.
3. This neighborhood has pretty much equal distance to both HS, proximity is not an issue
4. The developer had used Urbana HS as a selling point in this development, moving it to Liganore HS will make it less attractive and slow down the projected utilization saturation for the area.
5. The home value in this neighborhood is much lower than Urbana area. i.e. Less property tax income but still need to use
resources for the same level of educationI hope that roads from Landsdale to Linganore get fixed because they aren't safe.overall goodI do not like that PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 have been included in Option A as these areas are decreasing in size and
have been an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.I appreciate the increase in diversity and working on improving community groups in LHS feeder area.NaNo.Option B is a horrible option creating a division in an awesome neighborhood. It completely disregards the reason many families
moved to this wonderful neighborhood.We moved specifically to Landsdale because the High school where my children would attend is Urbana.  We researched the schools prior to our move .   Now, I learn that I have 2 possible options for high school ... Linganore and Linganore.  There should be some sort of communication between developers and the school district so that overcrowding doesn't happen and the
schools can actually accommodate the incoming students. This is very disappointing.BBNaI purchased my home to attend UHS and now both options takes us from the district. Our community isn't huge but we seem to be the target of pulling from one high to another. Linganore is much much further and to be honest somewhat ridiculously far from our actual homes. Not sure why that isn't going into the plans. Travel to and from will be more difficult and doesn't make sense. We bought our homes with a sense of being in one of the best high schools in Frederick county and now we're getting
pulled into not one of the best. I'll move before we're hit high school if that's the actual outcome. Very unhappy.nanNoThink option A work best overall for the current and future  Urbana and community. People pay higher taxes and special
Urbana tax to live here  but the main reason is because of the schools.No opinion.Same as aboveN/A.Nono thank you.Like A, but not B. B pulls away from rest of LLA communityI believe you will have quite a fight on your hands if seniors are not grandfathered into their current high schools.Need to think about building a new high school(s) in Frederick County as development continues.  These short term fixes are just
that, short term fixes.No.goodIt's interesting to hear people complain about the one section of Lake Linganore  (Meadows & Balmoral) carved out to go to Linganore instead of Oakdale. Do they realize that West Winds is a part of Lake Linganore as well?  Also, looking at a map, once the connection to Gas House Pike is finished,  it is probably a better option for these neighborhoods to attend Linganore anyway.
Probably saving on transportation costs for the school system.PB 154, 157, and 159 are established, completed Lake Linganore villages (Meadows and Balmoral villages) surrounding the lake in the Oakdale feeder. In option A, these would remain with all the other current villages in the community (excluding West Winds-PB146, which is currently in the Linganore feeder and has their own board). Option A is great from the perspective of the Lake Linganore neighborhood, which is very close knit and intertwined. In Option B, these villages (PB154, 157, 159) are now the only core Lake Linganore Villages in the Linganore Feeder. It seems a preferable split in option B would be to have PB 154, 157, and 159 remain with the rest of the current, already built Lake Linganore villages and have PB158, which will gain close to 900
homes when new development is started/complete, and PB146 (West Winds already in Linganore feeder) feed into LHS.Draft A takes a very small segment of KES students and shifts them from UHS to LHS, separating a tight-knit community.
Overall, it doesn't seem that the numbers would be significantly impacted by keeping KES intact K through 12.Option A segregates just a small section of KES and shifts them away from their longstanding community. Keep KES together K-
12.nanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BOffer 3 choices to Landsdale residents, Oakdale, LHS and UHS. One bus can take the Oakdale and LHS students, another UHS.
UHS is the closest school, Oakdale and LHS are equidistant, the current choices offer no choice.No comments. Other than more swim facilities are needed at these high schools :)Where is the option to STAY at URBANA HIGH SCHOOL???  It seem like the decision has already been made to move us to LHS without our consent.  It seems you are only trying to please the politically powerful and organized residents of Urbana at the expense of mostly newer residents of Landsdale who are not as informed, organized and politically powerful.  The majority of the people I know want to stay in the Urbana High School district.  How will you compensate me for the drop in my home's
value when we get re-destricted to a lower-rated school? Why even have this survey if the outcome has already been determined??The Urbana HS needs renovationsno thoughtsRegarding HS Option A - I do not like that PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.  They should remain
at UHS, as it is being considered in HS Option B.nanI recommend moving the Lake Linganore Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows back into the OHS feeder under Option B. Though moving those villages in the LHS feeder helps to balance an elem to middle school split in the short term it goes against established criteria set forth by the Board and voted on my by the community. More negatives than positives are created for a
short term gain only as future growth in the area will cause splits to fluctuate anyway.the reason why I moved to UrbanaOption APlease consider keeping the Windsor Knolls community at Kemptown. We have their annual party at our community pool. The
families are really committed to the school.PB 179-Sending us to Twin Ridge would not only separate us from our current elementary family but also again when option B has us going to Urbana High.  It looks as though we are the ONLY planning block that would be going to Urbana High from Twin Ridge Elementary.  Most of Twin Ridge Elementary will go to Linganore High isolating my kids when everyone outside of
my community (PB 179) will go to a different high school.Keep option A!!!goodI do not find option B feasible for several reasons including two feeder pattern busses in the community, sectioning  a portion of a large community to a different feeder pattern and other boundaries that seem to be mitigating factor on our community being redistricted already is involved in a divided pattern with LHS/UHS and WKMS, which feeds into both.  Option A has our community and it's established relationships continuing a cohesive  positive school environment.  My opinion has nothing to do with the quality of LHS.  I think it is a great school with a great student and staff population.  It seems the decision comes down to redistricting WKMS/LHS/UHS kids or OHS/OMS kids.  WKMS already splits into UHS and LHS, making the possible redistricting less disruptive to schools, students and communities as there is already an established relationship within these 3
schools.  OHS and OMS have no established relationship.nanNeeds to include all of Meadows going to Oakdale HighI'm happy that we remain in the proposed Urbana High area.no opinionnanBoth options are great.  Please don't make any changes.I would prefer if we can take the best of both options A and B and still keep the majority of Lake Linganore students in Oakdale feeder. Rather than take Meadows and Balmoral villages (planning blocks 154, 157 and 159) out of Oakdale and sent to
Linganore feeder, keep those villages in Oakdale feeder and start Hampton East and West in Linganore feeder.I do not like that PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 have been included in Option A as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.  They should remain at UHS, as it is being
considered in HS Option B.Option B splits up Lake Linganore as if we are being punished and Ibelive that this is not fair for usI wish there was a combo of A and B that allows Urbana to have slightly lower attendance levels but keeps the new East County
ES in the Oakdale district.Moving the landsdale neighborhood to Linganore HS will significantly impact the commute time and safety. The Urbana HS is promimally closer and an easier commute for our neighborhood. Just because tyke numbers work out doesn't make it the most
logical option.nanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or B***Distance to Linganore(7.7) miles) vs Urbana (4.7miles) for Landsdale community. This mileage also doesn't take into consideration that Ed McClain is not a safe road for buses including additional teenage drivers to and from Linganore. This would mean that buses would have to go to 80 and make a left turn instead of a right turn to Urbana HS. Making a left turn at that intersection is already dangerous without a stoplight.
***It appears other neighborhoods that are districted to Urbana HS in this second round of options are further from Urbana HS than our Community. Why not send those kids to Linganore?
***If I'm reading the maps correctly it appears our community goes to Green Valley ES, then to Windsor Knolls MS, then only our neighborhood is separated to go to Linganore. They would be disbanded from all their friends who live outside our
neighborhood who they have gone to school with from K-8th grade.No opinionThere is absolutely NO need to switch the very small group of High School students to another High School then the rest of LLA.
Plus they were already restricted less than 10 years agoOption A will force my daughter to change schools her Junior yearOption B really isolates my children by having them go to Urbana.  All surrounding communities that are close will go to
Linganore.  Their social group will not be close by our house and that is not fair to them.Option A will force my daughter to change schools her Junior yearoption A is what the community needsNo opinionI think a combo of A and B would be best. Maintain the Oakdale feeder as is in Lake Linganore. Instead of removing Meadows and Balmoral villages (planning blocks 154, 157, 159) as option B suggests, keep those villages in Oakdale feeder as it affects less than 100 students. It keeps the community aspect of Lake Linganore that most residents want to preserve. Hamptons East and
West should be part of Linganore feeder from the beginning.If part of lake linganore will not be attending the same high school I think I larger portion of lake linganore should be split
between the two high schools. Not sectioning off a small portion of the community to send to a different high school.Please consider in whatever option you choose to keep the Meadows and Balmoral with the rest of their community.YOUR PLANS STILL DIVIDE WINDSOR STUDENTS-BUILD A NEW HIGH SCHOOL!!!In HS option B, although it seems a bit imbalance in utilization in the beginning. But the growth catch up and the utilization of all
schools in all area will be more balanced in the coming years. Option B is just a better option.Please do not redistrict. We bought house based on school as it is nearby.We moved here less than 2 years ago bc we wanted our children to attend our assigned schools. Now we are being shuffled to
new schools and I am concerned that the next redistricting study will move SRES into the GTJHS feeder pattern.I am not here to debate which school is "better" as I completely understand each and every school has their own unique strengths and needs.  I do believe there are several factors that are not being addressed and appropriately considered as you think about moving the Landsdale community away from Urbana High School.nanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BUrbana High School is a 7 minute, 4-mile door to door drive from our home in Landsdale.  Linganore High School is 14-minute drive and 7 miles away.  That is approximately double the time and distance it takes for our community to get to Urbana High School. Your community survey after the first three drafts of redistricting were revealed in February indicated that minimizing time on buses was a top factor and consideration when redistricting.  How to you justify a twice as long trip to school,  in both time and mileage, as LESS time on buses?
In addition, we cannot ignore the issue of road safety and infrastructure around the Landsdale community.  I was first offended when I heard about the original "Residents Against Landsdale Expansion" group RALE.  Though the acronym has since been changed, I now understand some of their concerns as they relate to the roads.  Some points to make about our community  include the fact that we do not have a direct access route to 75.  We currently have two entrances/exits for the community, with a third to open soon.  All three egress routes require drivers to make a right onto EdMcClain Road, and access route 80. This adds on an addition 5-7 minutes of driving time to get to Linganore High School from Landsdale.  There is no light at the intersection of EdMcClain Road and Rt 80, which makes left turns extremely unsafe, particularly during severe weather and highly impacted travel times, such as those when buses would need to travel.  The other issue is the fact that the northern part of EdMcClain Road is only approximately a lane and a half wide.  When it rains, the road is often closed due to flooding.  There are many curves and blind spots, and there are no guard rails or jersey barriers to prevent drivers from swerving off the road which is higher than the land in some sections.  These are all infrastructure concerns that I fully understand the Board of Education cannot fix, however, you can prevent our community from having to travel to high school on these roads by not re-districting us to Linganore. High Schoolers are new, inexperienced drivers.  I would hate for them to become a road statistic prior to these concerns being addressed.  This is fully worth taking the time to note.  If you have yet to get on a bus and travel the actual routes from  Landsdale to Urbana High School, and compare the time, mileage, and infrastructure to that of Landsdale to Linganore High School, you have not done your due diligence in making a fully informed decision and vote.  If students from Lansdale remain districted to Urbana High School, the infrastructure and travel safety concerns disappear.
When searching for our home, we could have moved to the developments being built within the Linganore or Oakdale School districts, however we settled on Landsdale for more personal reasons.  First and foremost, my husband and I both work in Montgomery County. The commute from the communities' further north were just too far. Landsdale was more expensive, however has better access to 270 and Montgomery County.  We want to remain active within our children's school communities and by having our children attend Urbana High School, we would be able to do just that.  From my current place of work, Urbana High is 15 miles and 24 minutes.  From work, without rush hour traffic, Linganore High School is 40 minutes and 24 miles away.  That is enough of a difference for me to be unable to support my adolescent children in high school.  High Schoolers are still children, and I truly believe it is important to remain active and present during my children's academic careers.
Redistricting us away from Urbana High School will deny our family the opportunity to do so. While this reasoning may be selfish, I believe it is important to understand the full picture of why some families choose specific communities over others. We all want what is best for our families and our children. For us, that is remaining at Urbana High School.
Another question I would like to ask is how have you included the current STUDENTS as stakeholders in this decision making process?  Generic community surveys you have provided do not allow you to disaggregate the data into teacher vs. student vs. parent/community voice.  This entire process, despite the county presenting it as all inclusive, seems to be taking place without considering the entire picture.  If students live in the Landsdale community, it is clear they have moved there within the last three years.  Most have already changed school during their elementary and middle school years.  Now, during a critical time in adolescent child development where peers and their influences are most important, you are going to uproot students from their established friends once again.  What consideration has been given to the social-emotional impact on these students? Have you
asked them their thoughts?  Have you surveyed the students in schools?  If so, where are those results?Please do not redistrict. We bought house based on school as it is nearby.Would be great to review what programs are offered at each school - eg IB, Engineering etc and spread them more equally over
the schools...Option A is the more preferred option based on the fact that the meadows village in the lake Linganore community would attend Oakdale high school, and would not be segregated from the rest of the community by having to attend a different high school.
Also, my youngest child will be a senior the year this goes into effect, which I certainly hope that he would not be expected to attend a different high school then where his older brother attended/graduated from in 2019 and for which he would have
attended for 3 years.Landsdale is closer to Urbana HS.  I just doesn't make any sense to have to travel twice as far to get to school.  The roads are not safe to travel to get to Linganore.  Kids will be dealing with traffic getting on and off route 70.  Ed McLain road is dangerous and route 75 can not accommodate the increase in traffic.  Also, we bought our home in Landsdale due to the Urbana HS district.
Please reconsider this decision.There is too much on the interactive map for me to clearly understand what will take place with my kids.  Parents need a less
complicated version. I tried to search by my address but was unable to enter it.I would like to see an option where Landsdale could be part of Urbana HS as it currently is.nanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BAs a Landsdale community member, our family is deeply disturbed, and angry that it is planed to redistrict our community from Urbana High School to Linganore HS. THE ONLY REASON we moved here to Landsdale, Monrovia was the excellence of UHS. We want our child in a high school nearby, that looks great on a resume, that has potential, and famous for it's academic excellence; that is easy to access on a relatively short and safe road.
Your plans are taking away our opportunity, ruining all the plans we had for the future of our child. It was a perfect option to have our son at UHS within walking distance to the future YMCA swimming facility. You will ruin our property value, you will endanger kids traveling on dangerous roads to LHS that is at least 30 minutes away.
We strongly oppose your 2 option to redistrict Landsdale to LHS, we want the original option back that had Landsdale in the
UHS district as it is right now.nanMeadows does not have direct access to gas house pike like Woodridge...Plan B keeps older neighborhoods together instead of splitting them up where as Plan A splits up kids who have been going to school together for all their lives in favor of new housing developments that have kids who have been in school for only a few
years or that aren't even built yet and have no children in any schools at the this time.Option B impacts fewer HS students than Option A.  (Option A/193) (Option B/152)  Moreover, in Option B the impact burden is more equally distributed between Oakdale High School and Urbana High School. Since both OHS and UHS populations contribute to the population growth, it is fair that both schools share the burden of impact.
Option A, on the other hand, allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students.  PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.No opinionI like both options, although if I could pick I would select option A.Either option is fine.Option AOption B impacts fewer HS students than Option A.  (Option A/193) (Option B/152)  Moreover, in Option B the impact burden is more equally distributed between Oakdale High School and Urbana High School. Since both OHS and UHS populations contribute to the population growth, it is fair that both schools share the burden of impact.
Option A, on the other hand, allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students.  PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.Option B impacts fewer HS students than Option A.  (Option A/193) (Option B/152)  Moreover, in Option B the impact burden is more equally distributed between Oakdale High School and Urbana High School. Since both OHS and UHS populations contribute to the population growth, it is fair that both schools share the burden of impact.
Option A, on the other hand, allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students.  PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS
community since the school was built.Option A keeps more kids together from Elementary through High School in our feeder pattern. This is important for social
development. All of the schools in this area are fantastic so that is less of an issue, but social development is key.Would like Kemptown and Windsor Knolls kept together and then all sent to LinganoreKeep the Oakdale Feeder for LLA as it has been.From my understanding there were 3 original plans which all had my subdivision The Meadows staying at Oakdale High. Not sure when or WHY  it switched but with the new plans Option B has the Meadows going to Linganore.  We have lived there for 20+ years and my son will be a senior at Oakdale when this goes into effect and that is totally unfair to have a kid switch schools for their senior year.  This would be a huge impact on the kids and I totally disagree with it!   Senior Year is a BIG DEAL and the Seniors should have the option to finish out their senior year where they currently are!!!  These kids have developed many friendships from going to the same school with the same kids for so many years.  They have great relationships with teachers and play sports for their school and this plan would totally uproot them and have them start all over when this should be one of
the best years of their lives...  I beg you to please allow the seniors to stay where they are at if option B goes into effect.  Thank you!The Meadows should not be split from the rest of Lake Linganore. I've heard about an option that would move the meadows back but not the new Hamptons. Our children have already formed tight bonds with all the areas of LL and should not be split
up.No changenanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BWow.  Just wow.  As a community member of Landsdale I am shocked and appaled to hear that the community of Urbana signed a petition to keep us out of Urbana High School, AND DUE TO THIS YOU KEPT US OUT.  You are all grown adults, in charge of our children's future, and this is how we are treated?  Segregated and pushed out due to a petition for people that do not even live there.  No!!!  The people of Urbana do not have the right to say where MY children go to high school. That is disgusting behavior and should be removed.  They don't get to decide who, if anyone, is redistricted away from Urbana High School.  I can't even believe this is how Frederick County Public Schools works.  Disgusting.
The children of Landsdale need to stay at Urbana High School as per the results of your study.  Please get on buses and drive the routes.  Linganore is twice as far and takes twice as long to get to from Landsdale.  The survey results said time on buses was a major priority, yet you DOUBLED the amount of time kids from Landsdale will have.  I have no words.
There is no direct access route to Linagnore from Landsdale. The infrastructure is in need of serious work, yet you are just using the children of Landsdale as pawns to fill seats that make NO logical sense.  Wake up.  These plans are band-aids.  Develop a real plan, demand more money, and stop the  reactive nature of the growth of Frederick county.  Pay attention to building and projections, and realize you need to build more schools that are better accessible to the communities where homes are being   built.  I find this whole process to be shady and disgusting.  You are listening when people show up and whine instead of  making decisions based on logic, data, and projections.  I have NEVER seen a Board of Education and Superintendent act so
ridiculous. You serve more than Urbana.  Start acting like it and pay attention to ALL kids.PLEASE consider with either option that you keep the established communities of Lake Linganore together (Balmoral /
Meadows).  New development can be included with the West Winds and LHS feeders but Balmoral / Meadows should stay with what they've known for the benefit of the less than 100 kidsBoth are acceptable as the they move the kids directly from OMS to OHS.I think the best option relies upon a combo of A and B. Keep planning blocks 154, 157 and 159 in Oakdale feeder. Hamptons East and West should join Linganore feeder with WestWinds. The # of affected students in the aforementioned planning blocks is under 100. Please don't remove them from the schools which almost the entire rest of our community attend. Lake Linganore is an extremely tight-knit, active neighborhood. These kids see their school friends constantly at neighborhood events and activities. Please don't remove them and put them in a feeder with students who's houses they can't walk or ride their bikes to
like they do now.Option B impacts fewer HS students than Option A.  (Option A/193) (Option B/152)  Moreover, in Option B the impact burden is more equally distributed between Oakdale High School and Urbana High School. Since both OHS and UHS populations contribute to the population growth, it is fair that both schools share the burden of impact.
Option A, on the other hand, allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students.  PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.No opinionAn option to leave the Landsdale Community with Urbana HS should be reconsider!Option B impacts fewer HS students than Option A.  (Option A/193) (Option B/152)  Moreover, in Option B the impact burden is more equally distributed between Oakdale High School and Urbana High School. Since both OHS and UHS populations contribute to the population growth, it is fair that both schools share the burden of impact.
Option A, on the other hand, allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students.  PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS
community since the school was built.Again my son is working on his high school credit at Oakdale Middle School preparing for Oakdale HS so this will be highly disruptive if Option B is selected. For any kid in that is already in late elementary, middle or high school this will be highly disruptive and emotionally stressful.
Impact on communities was high on the list of priorities. So if we are under utilizing the high school why split a community in this option?
And in 5 to 8 years in both options we will need to reassess again because we are basically around the 100% mark again and this
is in both options regardless, so why impact communities so much?Option A is the best optionNo additional thoughts on the High School Options.Option A splits my kids off from the kids they grew up with and separates us from the families that I rely on for carpooling and
help.  Option B puts us back with most of the Kemptown community.Prefer option BI do not like how Option B separates Planning Blocks 154, 157 and 159 from the rest of the Lake LInganore community.No opinionnanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BWe really need an additional High School in this part of the county to accommodate future growth!During the June meeting, we learned that under Option B the Lake Linganore Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows would be redistricted into the LHS feeder. We were told by Mr. Cropper during the June meeting, that we were moved into the LHS feeder simply to balance an elementary to middle school split and not to alleviate crowding at the middle school or high school level.
We are requesting that the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows be moved back into the OHS feeder under Option B as it does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middle school level and actually better balances "out year" overcapacity rates between LHS and OHS under this option.
Reasons why:
- Capacity and School Utilization Numbers:
o Balmoral and the Meadows have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is a well-connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these students socially from the greater community.
o Under Option B, moving Balmoral and the Meadows to the LHS feeder has little impact on capacity numbers at all school levels (less than 1 percent). In fact, moving us back to the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B would create a more balanced utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels.
- Redistricting Criteria:
o Per Policy 200.2, the Board set criteria for redistricting that is intended to guide the final decision. During the January voting, community members choose their top three criteria as priorities for consideration. Two of those criteria were Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. Moving us out of the OHS feeder goes against the criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community.
o Our neighborhood was redistricted from LHS into OHS just 8 years ago. It seems due to our location, we could be in a situation of continually flip flopping between feeders as additional schools are build. The Board's criteria also includes keeping redistricting to a minimum.
- Split Feeders:
o It was clear from the March survey that parents prefer to avoid split feeders. Option B creates a split feeder at the elementary level. Additionally, a desire to have an even split moving from one school level to the next is not part of the overall redistricting criteria set forth by the Board and should not take priority over other factors when making a decision to alter an existing feeder pattern.
o Moving us into the NMMS/LHS feeder simply to achieve a 50/50 elementary to middle school split in the near term is not a sound reason to make a drastic change for these students. Hamptons West has yet to be built and could easily provide a better split balance as the homes are developed. As projection numbers are not always correct, trying to achieve a short term balance may result in a long-term imbalance as projection numbers have been incorrect in the past.
- Lastly, the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge had the March Option B (redistricted to GTJMS) removed from consideration as a result of their vocal petition despite the low utilization rate of GTJMS under both of the current options. Clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. As our recommendation does not create an over capacity situation in either option, we should be afforded the same consideration in order to remain at OMS and OHS.
Thank you for allowing me to express my thoughts and I strongly hope your take our concerns for our children and the community into consideration.nanI think the county really needs to invest in another HS in the southeastern-most part of the county.No opinionconcerned about High School overcrowding that will eventually ensue, however without the addition of new schools this will
continue to be an issue since there are new developments/housing in the southern parts of the county.It excludes just the neighborhood that I currently live in from the rest of the linganore communityPlease keep Lake Linganore students together.I'd like to know how any of this will affect class size from year to year.  What is the current senior class size for each HS
What is the class size for the 2023 class what is the anticipated class size of the 2027 class and how is this going to translate to my child and his ability to get the most out of class time...it doesn't seem like any of the options will really help keep class reasonable
at UHS no matter whatOption A HS moves my area (KES, Manorwood, Samhill, Lomar Dr) to Linganore while most of my kids friends stay at Urbana HS!  Please keep this area together! They have been together for years and the thought of splitting up when it seems so unnecessary is devastating.  Especially because they have been together for 10+ years! We are not a new community, we are
getting smaller, and we have been split enough to fix Urbana's growing problem.  Please try to keep us intact!Option B helps keep our kids together that have been friends since elementary school. (I have High schoolers when the changes occur).  I am saddened to see that the younger (ES) options move kids out of KES only to eventually move back at HS.  It makes absolutely no sense. Please keep KES together through ES and MS and allow us to have option B for HS.  Moving these kids does
not help the issue but hurts this community and our children terribly!nanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BMeadows and Balmoral Villages should remain in Oakdale high School.I would like to have our modified B plus proposal to go through. Please leave the kemptown borders alone as you follow option
BWe are requesting that the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows be moved back into the OHS feeder under Option B as it does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middle school level and actually better balances "out year" overcapacity rates between LHS and OHS under this option. Reasons why:
- Capacity and School Utilization Numbers:
o Balmoral and the Meadows have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is a well connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these students socially from the greater community.
o Under Option B, moving Balmoral and the Meadows to the LHS feeder has little impact on capacity numbers at all school levels (less than 1 percent). In fact, moving us back to the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B would create a more balanced out year utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels.
- Redistricting Criteria:
o Per Policy 200.2, the Board set criteria for redistricting that is intended to guide the final decision. During the January voting, community members choose their top three criteria as priorities for consideration. Two of those criteria were Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. Moving us out of the OHS feeder goes against the criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community.
o Our neighborhood was redistricted from LHS into OHS just 8 years ago. It seems due to our location, we could be in a situation of continually flip flopping between feeders as additional schools are built. The Board's criteria also includes keeping  redistricting to a minimum.
- Split Feeders:
o It was clear from the March survey that parents prefer to avoid split feeders. Option B creates a split feeder at the elementary level. Additionally, a desire to have an even split moving from one school level to the next is not part of the overall redistricting criteria set forth by the Board and should not take priority over other factors when making a decision to alter an existing feeder pattern.
o Moving us into the NMMS/LHS feeder simply to achieve a 50/50 elementary to middle school split in the near term is not a sound reason to make a drastic change for these students. Hamptons West has yet to be built and could easily provide a better split balance as the homes are developed. As projection numbers are not always correct, trying to achieve a short term balance may result in a long-term imbalance as projection numbers have been incorrect in the past.
o Lastly, the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge had the March Option B (redistricted to GTJMS) removed from consideration as a result of their vocal petition despite the low utilization rate of GTJMS under both of the current options. Clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. As our recommendation does not create an over capacity situation in either option, we should be afforded the same
consideration in order to remain at OMS and OHS.If any Linganore villages should be redistricted, it should be either Summerfield or the Pinehurst area. These villages are closer
to the other neighborhoods currently attending.nanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BWe are requesting that the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows be moved back into the OHS feeder under Option B as it does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middle school level and actually better balances "out year" overcapacity rates between LHS and OHS under this option. Reasons why:
- Capacity and School Utilization Numbers:
o Balmoral and the Meadows have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is a well connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these students socially from the greater community.
o Under Option B, moving Balmoral and the Meadows to the LHS feeder has little impact on capacity numbers at all school levels (less than 1 percent). In fact, moving us back to the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B would create a more balanced out year utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels.
- Redistricting Criteria:
o Per Policy 200.2, the Board set criteria for redistricting that is intended to guide the final decision. During the January voting, community members choose their top three criteria as priorities for consideration. Two of those criteria were Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. Moving us out of the OHS feeder goes against the criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community.
o Our neighborhood was redistricted from LHS into OHS just 8 years ago. It seems due to our location, we could be in a situation of continually flip flopping between feeders as additional schools are built. The Board's criteria also includes keeping  redistricting to a minimum.
- Split Feeders:
o It was clear from the March survey that parents prefer to avoid split feeders. Option B creates a split feeder at the elementary level. Additionally, a desire to have an even split moving from one school level to the next is not part of the overall redistricting criteria set forth by the Board and should not take priority over other factors when making a decision to alter an existing feeder pattern.
o Moving us into the NMMS/LHS feeder simply to achieve a 50/50 elementary to middle school split in the near term is not a sound reason to make a drastic change for these students. Hamptons West has yet to be built and could easily provide a better split balance as the homes are developed. As projection numbers are not always correct, trying to achieve a short term balance may result in a long-term imbalance as projection numbers have been incorrect in the past.
o Lastly, the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge had the March Option B (redistricted to GTJMS) removed from consideration as a result of their vocal petition despite the low utilization rate of GTJMS under both of the current options. Clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. As our recommendation does not create an over capacity situation in either option, we should be afforded the same
consideration in order to remain at OMS and OHS.We are requesting that the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows be moved back into the OHS feeder under Option B as it does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middle school level and actually better balances "out year" overcapacity ratesnanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or Bbetween LHS and OHS under this option. Reasons why:
- Capacity and School Utilization Numbers:
o Balmoral and the Meadows have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is a well connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these students socially from the greater community.
o Under Option B, moving Balmoral and the Meadows to the LHS feeder has little impact on capacity numbers at all school levels (less than 1 percent). In fact, moving us back to the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B would create a more balanced out year utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels.
- Redistricting Criteria:
o Per Policy 200.2, the Board set criteria for redistricting that is intended to guide the final decision. During the January voting, community members choose their top three criteria as priorities for consideration. Two of those criteria were Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. Moving us out of the OHS feeder goes against the criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community.
o Our neighborhood was redistricted from LHS into OHS just 8 years ago. It seems due to our location, we could be in a situation of continually flip flopping between feeders as additional schools are build. The Board's criteria also includes keeping redistricting to a minimum.
- Split Feeders:
o It was clear from the March survey that parents prefer to avoid split feeders. Option B creates a split feeder at the elementary level. Additionally, a desire to have an even split moving from one school level to the next is not part of the overall redistricting criteria set forth by the Board and should not take priority over other factors when making a decision to alter an existing feeder pattern.
o Moving us into the NMMS/LHS feeder simply to achieve a 50/50 elementary to middle school split in the near term is not a sound reason to make a drastic change for these students. Hamptons West has yet to be built and could easily provide a better split balance as the homes are developed. As projection numbers are not always correct, trying to achieve a short term balance may result in a long-term imbalance as projection numbers have been incorrect in the past.
o Lastly, the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge had the March Option B (redistricted to GTJMS) removed from consideration as a result of their vocal petition despite the low utilization rate of GTJMS under both of the current options. Clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. As our recommendation does not create an over capacity situation in either option, we should be afforded the same
consideration in order to remain at OMS and OHS.It doesn't make sense to separate 100 kids in meadows from all other lake Linganore kids they grew up withMeadows shouldn't be separated from rest of LLThe thought on the future of population growth and how it will look long  term in this area to me seems that neither option A or B is needed. Kids grow up and go to college and then there will be less children and there will be a boundary shift back again so why do it?  There also will be more development to fill in for the population fluctuations. A new Elementary school makes sense
but these Options seem unnecessary.Again. Summerfield will be so much closer when they develop the land across from Deer Crossing.  There will be a road that
connects boyers mill road and 75.  The main route to Linganore High School is gas house pike.  There is a section of road that is extremely dangerous for new drivers.  There was a high schooler killed several years ago on that part of Gas House pikeI'm not sure why you changed the last 3 proposals.  Maybe too much pressure from Ryan homes?  The neighborhoods across from Spring Ridge (on 144) are closer to TJ than Spring Ridge.  Why not relieve the middle schools /high schools by sending
those neighborhoods to TJ?We are requesting that the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows be moved back into the OHS feeder under Option B as it does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middle school level and actually better balances "out year" overcapacity ratesnanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or Bbetween LHS and OHS under this option. Reasons why:
- Capacity and School Utilization Numbers:
o Balmoral and the Meadows have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is a well connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these students socially from the greater community.
o Under Option B, moving Balmoral and the Meadows to the LHS feeder has little impact on capacity numbers at all school levels (less than 1 percent). In fact, moving us back to the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B would create a more balanced out year utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels.
- Redistricting Criteria:
o Per Policy 200.2, the Board set criteria for redistricting that is intended to guide the final decision. During the January voting, community members choose their top three criteria as priorities for consideration. Two of those criteria were Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. Moving us out of the OHS feeder goes against the criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community.
o Our neighborhood was redistricted from LHS into OHS just 8 years ago. It seems due to our location, we could be in a situation of continually flip flopping between feeders as additional schools are build. The Board's criteria also includes keeping redistricting to a minimum.
- Split Feeders:
o It was clear from the March survey that parents prefer to avoid split feeders. Option B creates a split feeder at the elementary level. Additionally, a desire to have an even split moving from one school level to the next is not part of the overall redistricting criteria set forth by the Board and should not take priority over other factors when making a decision to alter an existing feeder pattern.
o Moving us into the NMMS/LHS feeder simply to achieve a 50/50 elementary to middle school split in the near term is not a sound reason to make a drastic change for these students. Hamptons West has yet to be built and could easily provide a better split balance as the homes are developed. As projection numbers are not always correct, trying to achieve a short term balance may result in a long-term imbalance as projection numbers have been incorrect in the past.
o Lastly, the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge had the March Option B (redistricted to GTJMS) removed from consideration as a result of their vocal petition despite the low utilization rate of GTJMS under both of the current options. Clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. As our recommendation does not create an over capacity situation in either option, we should be afforded the same
consideration in order to remain at OMS and OHS.Changing schools is hard enough. Changing schools as a high school freshman is dangerous. I did it myself. Trying to start all over while keeping you're grades up and trying to fit in is extremely tough. HS is hard. Let's not make it any harder on these kids. Please keep them at oakdale. I bought my house, I made this huge financial decision,  so my child could attend Oakdale
(Option B)We are requesting that the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows be moved back into the OHS feeder under Option B as it does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middle school level and actually better balances "out year" overcapacity ratesnanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or Bbetween LHS and OHS under this option. Reasons why:
- Capacity and School Utilization Numbers:
o Balmoral and the Meadows have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is a well connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these students socially from the greater community.
o Under Option B, moving Balmoral and the Meadows to the LHS feeder has little impact on capacity numbers at all school levels (less than 1 percent). In fact, moving us back to the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B would create a more balanced out year utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels.
- Redistricting Criteria:
o Per Policy 200.2, the Board set criteria for redistricting that is intended to guide the final decision. During the January voting, community members choose their top three criteria as priorities for consideration. Two of those criteria were Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. Moving us out of the OHS feeder goes against the criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community.
o Our neighborhood was redistricted from LHS into OHS just 8 years ago. It seems due to our location, we could be in a situation of continually flip flopping between feeders as additional schools are build. The Board's criteria also includes keeping redistricting to a minimum.
- Split Feeders:
o It was clear from the March survey that parents prefer to avoid split feeders. Option B creates a split feeder at the elementary level. Additionally, a desire to have an even split moving from one school level to the next is not part of the overall redistricting criteria set forth by the Board and should not take priority over other factors when making a decision to alter an existing feeder pattern.
o Moving us into the NMMS/LHS feeder simply to achieve a 50/50 elementary to middle school split in the near term is not a sound reason to make a drastic change for these students. Hamptons West has yet to be built and could easily provide a better split balance as the homes are developed. As projection numbers are not always correct, trying to achieve a short term balance may result in a long-term imbalance as projection numbers have been incorrect in the past.
o Lastly, the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge had the March Option B (redistricted to GTJMS) removed from consideration as a result of their vocal petition despite the low utilization rate of GTJMS under both of the current options. Clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. As our recommendation does not create an over capacity situation in either option, we should be afforded the same consideration in order to remain at OMS and OHS.
The new Hamptons neighborhoods should go to NMMS/LHS because they have no established feeder patterns.Will not likely matter as will be redistricted again due to growth in Urbana and Ijamsville in the next 5 yearsThe board need to consider grandfathering students currently in high school. Students have already planned their future regarding class availability (which will have an impact on their future college and career choice).Option B impacts fewer HS students than Option A. (Option A/193) (Option B/152) Moreover, in Option B the impact burden is more equally distributed between Oakdale High School and Urbana High School. Since both OHS and UHS populations contribute to the population growth, it is fair that both schools share the burden of impact.
Option A, on the other hand, allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students. PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS
community since the school was built.I am shocked that the two of the first three options had Landsdale going to Urbana and then like a 180 there are only two options and neither has Landsdale going to Urbana.  There was zero explanation as to how the company came to the new conclusions.nanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BThe data states we have 52 students, this is 3% of the population attending Urbana- how does it make sense to move such a small part of the population.  I am deeply concerned as I have had interactions with others who state there was a meeting between Urbana and the consulting firm prior to the release of this draft regarding a petition Urbana created to keep Landsdale out of Urbana High School.  I am troubled that decisions are not being made in the best interest of the children or the county and the loudest seems to get what they want.  I'm struggling to see the process by which any of this is being done.  Additionally, Landsdale seems to be the only community being called out anywhere in the process and it can't even be spelled correctly in communications- see recently released powerpoint.  I feel this move to take Landsdale out of Urbana without proper studying and discussion is being done behind back doors.
This points to two major problems within the county- the lack of future planning. It is stated in the powerpoint this is a bandaid fix to the problem.  As the master facility plan was just released as well, there is no mention of building another high school to alleviate this problem. The board agreed to renovate Brunswick without adding enough seats to make a difference in the county. How can the county justify the money when the larger need may be to build another high school as was previously planned?
This problem will be back in 5 years and then our children will be redistricted again.  The county needs to consider long-term planning as well.
The second problem is the county's continued backlash at Landsdale-  The people who live there are not the ones who decided to develop the land and should not be the backlash of future decisions because some in the county are not happy with where the county is going or has been.  The restrictions on our community (e.g. not being able to turn left out of our development, the lack of a signal at 80 and Ed McClain road) should also be considered as buses and increase traffic will come from having us move to Lingadore.   Although Landsdale has increased the traffic on Ed McClain road- a large amount of that traffic is local/cut through traffic.   Additionally, everyone who lives on the other side of the road can make any turn they want on the road- it seems unfair to only have rules for our side of the road.   Many of these things need to be thought about as the redistricting study occurs.
How will the county fix the road/infrastructure problem so our children can be safely transported to High School?AgreeAs residents Meadows LLA, we would prefer to remain with the other established LLA villages (with the exception of West Winds, which due to its proximity to LHS is currently and would remain in the LHS feeder). Please move Meadows and
Balmoral back into the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B.Honestly, I think that given the growth in Urbana all of Windsor Knolls should feed into Linganore. Splitting the kids for high
school does not make sense.NoNo opinionI believe the county should do what is in the best interests for the kids -- not just look at numbers.The high school has not been impactedAgain, I greatly appreciate that our concerns were listened to, and that the new neighborhood of PB 57 are being sent to
Linganore rather than established, further away, communities in South county.I felt that the option A was the better choice.  It really take the neighborhoods in account and keeps neighbors together better.Landsdale development does not have left turn access onto Ed McClain road. Which means that a left turn without a traffic light at the intersection onto Fingerboard is the only way to exit the development. Fingerboard is extremely busy and can get backed up for a substantial time in the morning. The next intersection 75 and 80 again,  is quite congested and backed up often. In addition, trucks frequently get stuck under the railroad bridge on 75 which can delay or completely stop traffic for hours. On the Frederick County Traffic Map of 2017, the intersections and roads that would be traversed if Landsdale students were to attend Linganore High School show a high level of usage, with delays and the higher risk of accidents. It would be beneficial to ask the Frederick County Sheriffs Office to provide data comparing the amount of accidents on the LHS route vs. the UHS route.The students, in addition to the safety risks will also be susceptible to missing classes, and often be stuck in traffic as 75 is a feeder onto 70, one of the most congested interstates in the country. Contrast that with the commute to Urbana High School. A 7-10 minute drive an easy right turn onto Fingerboard, 2 traffic lights, and a left to the school. Rarely a delay, and if necessary there
are alternate routes, easily accessible. There are many personal and academic reasons to allow the Landsdale high schoolers to remain at Urbana, but the risk to their safety and the at minimum 2-3 times longer commute should be a major consideration.Keep Landsdale Community in Urbana HS district.One of these was not even an option in the last info release.  County is behaving unethically.For the long-term future, Option B seems better due to keeping the numbers more balancedKeep Lake Linganore as one community. Do NOT separate out if the impact on schools is inconsequential.Keep Lake Linganore as one community. Do NOT separate out if the impact on schools is inconsequential.I prefer option A over Boption aI am very happy with both options A and B for the high school.I strongly feel DRAFT Option A is a better option for the Lake Linganore community. DRAFT B separates our connected community. I feel a better option would be to place the Meadows and Balmoral back into the OMS/OHS feeder pattern. Please
creat a DRAFT B where the Meadows and Balmoral continue in the OMS/OHS feeder pattern.We are requesting that the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows be moved back into the OHS feeder under Option B as it does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middle school level and actually better balances "out year" overcapacity ratesnanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or Bbetween LHS and OHS under this option. Reasons why:
- Capacity and School Utilization Numbers:
o Balmoral and the Meadows have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is a well connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these students socially from the greater community.
o Under Option B, moving Balmoral and the Meadows to the LHS feeder has little impact on capacity numbers at all school levels (less than 1 percent). In fact, moving us back to the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B would create a more balanced out year utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels.
- Redistricting Criteria:
o Per Policy 200.2, the Board set criteria for redistricting that is intended to guide the final decision. During the January voting, community members choose their top three criteria as priorities for consideration. Two of those criteria were Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. Moving us out of the OHS feeder goes against the criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community.
o Our neighborhood was redistricted from LHS into OHS just 8 years ago. It seems due to our location, we could be in a situation of continually flip flopping between feeders as additional schools are built. The Board's criteria also includes keeping  redistricting to a minimum.
- Split Feeders:
o It was clear from the March survey that parents prefer to avoid split feeders. Option B creates a split feeder at the elementary level. Additionally, a desire to have an even split moving from one school level to the next is not part of the overall redistricting criteria set forth by the Board and should not take priority over other factors when making a decision to alter an existing feeder pattern.
o Moving us into the NMMS/LHS feeder simply to achieve a 50/50 elementary to middle school split in the near term is not a sound reason to make a drastic change for these students. Hamptons West has yet to be built and could easily provide a better split balance as the homes are developed. As projection numbers are not always correct, trying to achieve a short term balance may result in a long-term imbalance as projection numbers have been incorrect in the past.
o Lastly, the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge had the March Option B (redistricted to GTJMS) removed from consideration as a result of their vocal petition despite the low utilization rate of GTJMS under both of the current options. Clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. As our recommendation does not create an over capacity situation in either option, we should be afforded the same
consideration in order to remain at OMS and OHS.No opinionWe are requesting that the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows, planning blocks 154,157,159 be moved back into the OHS feeder under Option B as it does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middle school level and actually better balances "outnanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or Byear" overcapacity rates between LHS and OHS under this option. Reasons why:
- Capacity and School Utilization Numbers:
o Balmoral and the Meadows have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is a well connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these students socially from the greater community.
o Under Option B, moving Balmoral and the Meadows to the LHS feeder has little impact on capacity numbers at all school levels (less than 1 percent). In fact, moving us back to the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B would create a more balanced out year utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels.
- Redistricting Criteria:
o Per Policy 200.2, the Board set criteria for redistricting that is intended to guide the final decision. During the January voting, community members choose their top three criteria as priorities for consideration. Two of those criteria were Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. Moving us out of the OHS feeder goes against the criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community.
o Our neighborhood was redistricted from LHS into OHS just 8 years ago. It seems due to our location, we could be in a situation of continually flip flopping between feeders as additional schools are built. The Board's criteria also includes keeping  redistricting to a minimum.
- Split Feeders:
o It was clear from the March survey that parents prefer to avoid split feeders. Option B creates a split feeder at the elementary level. Additionally, a desire to have an even split moving from one school level to the next is not part of the overall redistricting criteria set forth by the Board and should not take priority over other factors when making a decision to alter an existing feeder pattern.
o Moving us into the NMMS/LHS feeder simply to achieve a 50/50 elementary to middle school split in the near term is not a sound reason to make a drastic change for these students. Hamptons West has yet to be built and could easily provide a better split balance as the homes are developed. As projection numbers are not always correct, trying to achieve a short term balance may result in a long-term imbalance as projection numbers have been incorrect in the past.
o Lastly, the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge had the March Option B (redistricted to GTJMS) removed from consideration as a result of their vocal petition despite the low utilization rate of GTJMS under both of the current options. Clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. As our recommendation does not create an over capacity situation in either option, we should be afforded the same
consideration in order to remain at OMS and OHS.Please keep the Balmoral and Meadows Area of Lake Linganore with the rest of Lake LinganoreWe are requesting that the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows be moved back into the OHS feeder under Option B as it does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middle school level and actually better balances "out year" overcapacity ratesnanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or Bbetween LHS and OHS under this option. Reasons why:
- Capacity and School Utilization Numbers:
o Balmoral and the Meadows have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is a well connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these students socially from the greater community.
o Under Option B, moving Balmoral and the Meadows to the LHS feeder has little impact on capacity numbers at all school levels (less than 1 percent). In fact, moving us back to the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B would create a more balanced out year utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels.
- Redistricting Criteria:
o Per Policy 200.2, the Board set criteria for redistricting that is intended to guide the final decision. During the January voting, community members choose their top three criteria as priorities for consideration. Two of those criteria were Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. Moving us out of the OHS feeder goes against the criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community.
o Our neighborhood was redistricted from LHS into OHS just 8 years ago. It seems due to our location, we could be in a situation of continually flip flopping between feeders as additional schools are build. The Board's criteria also includes keeping redistricting to a minimum.
- Split Feeders:
o It was clear from the March survey that parents prefer to avoid split feeders. Option B creates a split feeder at the elementary level. Additionally, a desire to have an even split moving from one school level to the next is not part of the overall redistricting criteria set forth by the Board and should not take priority over other factors when making a decision to alter an existing feeder pattern.
o Moving us into the NMMS/LHS feeder simply to achieve a 50/50 elementary to middle school split in the near term is not a sound reason to make a drastic change for these students. Hamptons West has yet to be built and could easily provide a better split balance as the homes are developed. As projection numbers are not always correct, trying to achieve a short term balance may result in a long-term imbalance as projection numbers have been incorrect in the past.
o Lastly, the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge had the March Option B (redistricted to GTJMS) removed from consideration as a result of their vocal petition despite the low utilization rate of GTJMS under both of the current options. Clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. As our recommendation does not create an over capacity situation in either option, we should be afforded the same
consideration in order to remain at OMS and OHS.nanI am writing expressing my concern about the LOU redistricting options presented earlier this month at the public meetings. I am requesting that the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows (PB 154/157/159) be moved back into the OHS feeder undernanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BOption B, as this option does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middle school level and this change will actually better balance "out year" overcapacity rates between LHS and OHS under this option.
Specific reasons why I support the move of PB154/157/159 back into the OHS feeder in Plan B: Capacity and School Utilization Numbers:
Balmoral and the Meadows have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the existing greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is a well connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these students socially from the greater community.
Under Option B, moving Balmoral and the Meadows to the LHS feeder has little impact on capacity numbers at all school levels (less than 1 percent). In fact, moving us back to the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B would create a more balanced out year utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels
Redistricting Criteria:
Per Policy 200.2, the Board set criteria for redistricting that is intended to guide the final decision. During the January voting, community members choose their top three criteria as priorities for consideration. Two of those criteria were Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. Moving us out of the OHS feeder goes against the criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community.
Our neighborhood was redistricted from LHS into OHS just 8 years ago. It seems due to our location, we could be in a situation of continually flip flopping between feeders as additional schools are build. The Board's criteria also includes keeping redistricting to a minimum.
Split Feeders:
It was clear from the March survey that parents prefer to avoid split feeders. Option B creates a split feeder at the elementary level. Additionally, a desire to have an even split moving from one school level to the next is not part of the overall redistricting criteria set forth by the Board and should not take priority over other factors when making a decision to alter an existing feeder pattern.
Moving us into the NMMS/LHS feeder simply to achieve a 50/50 elementary to middle school split in the near term is not a sound reason to make a drastic change for these students. The Hamptons West and East villages of Lake Linganore have yet to be built and should easily provide a better split balance as the homes are developed. As projection numbers are not always correct, trying to achieve a short term balance may result in a long-term imbalance as projection numbers have been incorrect in the past.
Lastly, the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge had the March Option B (redistricted to GTJMS) removed from consideration as a result of their vocal petition despite the low utilization rate of GTJMS under both of the current options. Clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder
Patterns. As our recommendation does not create an over capacity situation in either option, we should be afforded the same consideration in order to remain at OMS and OHS.Option A will be a disaster for FCPS in the coming yearsI like option B. It impacts less high school students, and long term balance among the 3 high schools.NoNo opinionIt makes the most sense for the current Kemptown community (South County) to attend Urbana High over new, planned
communities in closer proximity to Linganore High.No commentAdding Balmoral/Meadows villages back to Oakdale HS in option B would not negatively impact capacity and enhance physical
and social interactions of my children with peers in the lake linganore communityMy vote is for option BOption B is my preference because it keeps enrollment down at OHS and seemingly lessens our chance of being redistricted to
TJH in the futureNonanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BI don't understand why the Lake Linganore Villages of Balmoral and Meadows were moved to the NMMS/LHS feeder under Option B. It does not seem necessary for capacity reasons as the projected capacity rate will actually be higher at LHS under this option then it would be at OHS in 2028. And this option was not part of any of the original options presented to the community; in fact I know some in the neighborhood are still unaware that a new option was created. Furthermore it goes against the preferred criteria of Established Feeders and Impact on Communities. Seems odd to move this small group of students to a new middle/high school feeder. It would isolate them from the greater Lake Linganore community. If this option is chosen, I would hope the BOE would consider grandfathering in more than just high school seniors as it is essentially removing 20-30 students at each grade level and placing them in a new school. That seems unfair socially. Current per grade enrollment is roughly 250 students at the middle school level and 400 at the high school level. Why move such a small number of students? It's doesn't achieve the goal of reducing capacity at the high school level. I don't understand what it achieves. And never mind we were just
redistricted to OHS only 8 years ago. Why ping pong us back again?I do not like that PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 have been included in Option A as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.  They should remain at UHS, as it is being
considered in HS Option B.Both options are less disruptive and involve shorter travel distances than one of previous plansDo to existing overcrowding and future enrollment issues, our family would prefer a high school with the smallest class size
possible.Yes to Option A. No to Option B. See above. Please adhere to your redistricting criteria.No opinionNo. Both options OK for us.These plans are an improvement over the previous option 1.The longer commute for this neighborhood (Landsdale) to Linganore is going to be a nightmare for parents, students and bus drivers.  I wish the school board members would actually come to our neighborhood and drive the VERY narrow and dangerous Ed McClain Rd where these parents, students and bus drivers will be using.  EXTREMELY dangerous yet not one single Board
member has come out to take a look.   I have called the school and emailed about this problem with NO return calls.The Urbana community wants to thank the consultant and BOE for listening to our concerns and addressing most of them.Please refer to the petition filed here:
https://www.change.org/p/frederick-county-public-schools-petition-against-school- redistricting?recruiter=812967112&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=facebook&utm_campaign=petition_dashboard&r ecruited_by_id=58c9d730-b1d6-11e7-abf0-77c7d499cf54&utm_content=starter_fb_share_content_en-
us%3Av7&fbclid=IwAR1Jz7m1yMmHazcubWoSxFkyduxx3c-Buo7MoJ5DSwDFvwt80oxEPfYkk_8nanEither option is going to make people upset for reasons that are specific to individual families. I just ask that you consider beginning the phase in of the change with students entering as freshman.  Forcing students to change after they have begun in a high school can be so devastating for some.  Please consider taking special care of those students who are working hard to form friendships; ripping them away from the friendships they have made could be devastating.   Most importantly, forcing children to switch in their Junior year when they are looking at colleges and grades are of the utmost importance;  could also prove to be
detrimental.Ed McClain Rd isn't safe for young kids to be driving and it can not handle more traffic since the road is so narrow.  It is
dangerous to make a left hand turn from Ed McClain onto Route 80.  Urbana is closer and a safer drive.Strongly recommend against removing the Meadows from Oakdale. This isn't where the future community growth is coming
from anyway.I am wondering how the last three presented options and the subsequent survey responses were used the redistricting process, specifically for the Landsdale community.  Originally we were presented three options.  Our community remained at Urbana at two of the three presented options.   The majority of all response showed favor for the two plans keeping Landsdale at Urbana. We have since been presented with two new plans that completely contradict the previous plans and majority of responses from the surveys.  Please be transparent and explain how that happened.  Why waste tax payer dollars on Cropper GIS if in the end a non transparent process is used?  Please also note our community is banned from taking a left from our neighborhood, which is the direction to Linganore.  Our young drivers and buses will be required to navigate Ed McClain, take a left on 80, which is prone to accidents, then another left on 75 (please note only right hand turns would be needed for Kemptown increasing highway safety).    Please also note that people have very recently and are currently investing in homes in Landsdale, that have property values associated with attendance at Urbana, this will be a very real impact on these individuals and their families.
Finally,  please please please be transparent and help us understand how all the homes in Kemptown are going to drive down   80, pass 75, pass by Ed McClain which is where we live, and then go to Urbana as opposed to simply going to Linganore which is on their way via 75.  I'm typically not very involved, but a large group of people in this neighborhood are expressing the same concerns and I'm in agreement.  Please divide/split the neighborhood before you simply throw the whole neighborhood to Linganore.  We purchased knowing the North half would potentially go to Linganore thinking we were staying at Urbana.
Sincerely a confused and unhappy, with current elected officials, citizen.nanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BYou could probably combine the two... take the rest of Lake Linganore east of Boyers Mill and the rest of Mt. Airy north of MD- 80 and give to Linganore HS, give Landsdale and Kemptown back to Urbana HS, and get about the same.  Linganore (which is currently the least utilized of the three) would be taking significant portions of Oakdale and Urbana to lower utilization in those
schools.So happy that Windsor Knolls development is staying UHS.  I think Lansdale should be Oakdale, not all the way to Linganore.NoI believe that my address 11229 Fingerboard Rd Monrovia, MD should be in the Linganore High district.  We are a farming community and should be with our New Market/Linganore farming community. We are not part of the Urbana community at ALL!! My address is literally on the line of Linganore and Urbana. Urbana needs to be for the Urbana community.  The line for Linganore should really start at Ed Mclain Rd and go towards Green valley. If you look at the Plot block for this it's only affecting one child which is mine.  If you can make Ed Mclain rd part of Linganore then you clearly need to re-think my address which
would make sense to include me in the Linganore district.If you already need to carve up Oakdale HS, 9 years after opening it, then that's an admission of extremely poor planning. If you need to add kids to Oakdale HS, to deal with overcrowding at Urbana, that's fine. They have capacity. But it makes no sense to
move Oakdale kids elsewhere just to make some people at Urbana happy.Whatever choice is made, current Urbana High School students should be grandfathered in so lifelong friends are not split up.Plan B is NOT Good - Keep Lake Linganore all going to Oakdale High.Glad they will go to the school that is 5 minutes from our house~I think Option B is the best high school option.  I know it splits some middle schools but there is enough of overlap that students
will not be completely alone.Overall, we moved to our location because it was walking distance to all of the schools.  In addition, I think they are building relationships with the children that live close to them that they will be walking with all through school.  It helps with bullying to keep those relationships close, it's easier on the parents and overall traffic flow.  This new way with taking hundreds of children
from walking to car riding is going to create a nightmare all round.Option A appears to maximize walkers and minimize bus costs for areas farther away from the school. Bus and transportation
costs should be minimized and Option A appears best at doing this over option B.At least we get to go to Oakdale HighnoneNoFor us, this is the biggest impact.  It changes our neighborhood from UHS to LHS.  Our family actually prefers the switch of high school placement due to establishing a consistent feeder pattern for elementary through HS. Our kids will remain with the same group of kids throughout their school career.  We also prefer the campus of LHS despite the 3 mile increase in distance. This is the opinion of other families in our neighborhood as well.  There are concerns about road safety which we agree with and would
like to see plans to accommodate the increased traffic.I'm in favor of both options.Again - these options fail to alleviate the upcoming overcrowding issue at UHS.  Why are we even redistricting when both HS options project UHS to be significantly over capacity by the time my 7th, 6th, and 2nd grade students are there, while other schools continue to be below capacity.  If the county is not willing or able to build schools that can handle the growth of our communities, than they need to be willing to make the tough decisions to send kids to schools that have room and resources to
allow them to flourish rather than stuffing them into overcrowded classes in overcrowded facilities.I feel moving the Landsdale community in both Option A & B was the right decision.  This community is large and will impact the area greatly.  Keeping the community together will help in forming an identity/bond with the LHS community as a whole while keeping HS utilization in our area more balanced.  Conversely, I feel that Option A which moves a small section of the KES and WKMS community away from UHS is detrimental to those students in that attendance area as they will have identified with a group of students for 9- years to be separated from this peer group at the high school level.  Further, the area being separated from UHS in Option A becomes a virtual island due to geographical factors.  The area is distant from LHS without a direct route to travel to and from the high school.  Because of the small number of students this impacts, it becomes difficult for families to   get students who do not drive to and from the school (there will be few neighbors attending LHS with them) in order to allow participation in extracurricular activities, receive tutoring from teachers and/or in emergencies such as missed buses or illness. Bus routes as well as students driving from this area to LHS needs to be considered as well.  In addition, I do not see how Option A would be preferable when it does not address the needs of our area for the long term.  The only way Option A works is if FCPS is able to build the new Southern County HS within the next 10 years- which I am told is not likely.  Even if it were a reality, why would FCPS chose to move a small group of students twice within that time period as this area would most likely be sent to this
new high school?  Option A does not seem to meet the needs of FCPS and/or the communities impacted based on the mission of this study.Keeping parts of Lake Linganore that currently go to OMS and OHS, still going to OMS and OHS is a priority for that
communitynanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BThis is in regard to Option B:  the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge had the March Option B (redistricted to GTJMS) removed from consideration as a result of their vocal petition despite the low utilization rate of GTJMS under both of the current options. Clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. My comments re Option B does not create an over capacity situation (in either option A or B), therefore, we should be afforded the same consideration in order to remain at OMS and OHS.  Also, Moving us out of the OHS feeder goes against the criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community
by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community.Love option AI may be wrong but it seems busing from my home to LHS would be simpler and therefore more efficient.  In any event, since
my home lies on the boundary between UHS and LHS my child will have an extended ride to HS.Draft B keeps enrollment at OHS lower making it less likely that we would have to redistrict this same group of kids again.With Option A I am concerned that Oakdale High will become overcrowded in a few years. I prefer Option B.Prefer that TJ High not be considered as an option in further revisionIt makes absolutely no sense to bus Spring Ridge kids to TJHSThe issue with both high school draft options A and B  is that If the Landsdale neighborhood  kids are yanked mid-high school to a different high school, it will definitely have a negative impact on them. High school is hard enough already and now they will be having the additional stress of trying to fit into a new school. This school change will definitely have a negative academic and social impact on the kids, especially if the juniors and/or seniors are moved ! If the Landsdale  high school kids are going to moved from Urbana High to Linganore High ( I am really hopping it does not happen) , then it should start with incoming 9th graders- this will be a fresh start for them. Again for many years Urbana High school has been listed as the best/ # 1 high school in Frederick county and that is why most most parents with high school or soon to be high school kids bought homes in the Landsdale area. Linganore High is probably a great school but, this redistricting still feels like a bait and switch and it also feels like we have been short changed when it comes to our kids' high school education ! The big question is why wasn't' redistricting
done when the developers for the Landsdale community got permission/approval to build this neighboorhood ?Option A would make my child change from kemptown to twin ridge in first grade, then back to Windsor knolls and then back to Linganore. It would disrupt any friendships she makes over and over. It will also spilt my neighborhood. Please leave the kemptown border alone so my kids can go with their neighborhood and school friends throughout their education. Option B
would separate my kids from all their friends from middle to high school. You are spilling planning blocks unnecessarily.A and B both keep villages of Urbana togetherThanks for accepting input.No opinionoption B seems to keep the feeder the same.I like Option A the best.NoOption B impacts fewer HS students than Option A.  (Option A/193) (Option B/152)  Moreover, in Option B the impact burden is more equally distributed between Oakdale High School and Urbana High School. Since both OHS and UHS populations contribute to the population growth, it is fair that both schools share the burden of impact.
Option A, on the other hand, allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students.  PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS
community since the school was built.NoNopeRural areas should be shifted from Urbana HS to Linganore HS as much as possibleFor Option B, you would be splitting the groups apart in the small Kemptown community after having them together in K-8.  If there was a way to leave blocks 7 and 16 in the group we could still carpool and use the same bus. as well as keep the same
group of immediate friends together from the previous 9 years.We are currently in UHS district and changing us to linganore has huge safety issues for our children driving to the schoolBoth options A and B are great!I feel bad about the landsdale area getting removed from the Urbana feeder pattern, but I don't know how you could buy there
not foreseeing this change.Too far from home; moved to this area to be in Urbana school district; lack of diversity; impact on home valuenanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BIf Option B is the elected plan, I request that a modification be considered. 1. Since Hampton West has not yet been development, it would make sense for them to attend Linganore HS. This would provide a better split balance. The home builders could communicate this from the beginning. 2. Please keep Meadows and Balmoral subdivisions of Lake Linganore with the rest of the Association at Oakdale HS. The amount of students per grade in this development is minimal in comparison to Hampton West.For these students to be removed from the community they have become successfully established in could cause negative outcomes. They would have to start over socially but since they would be the only students from LLA to have to make the transition, they would more than likely not get in classes with their neighboring peers. They would have to start over as a small group versus if all of LLA were also transferring then the impacted students would be a larger group. The majority of  students impacted from the Meadows and Balmoral would be a sophomore or higher making the transfer more difficult. Although both are great high schools, removing only these two subdivisions of LLA would negatively impact their ties in the LLA community. Most of these families have been established in the development and community for many years, in comparison to the new developments. Thank you for your consideration and hard work on this project. I definitely agree that the overcrowding in these
schools needs addressed.Option A:
PB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends  GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to LHS.
Allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students.  PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS community since the
school was built.It's very disappointing to be moved from UHS's zone. I seriously hope the terrible road conditions between Landsdale and LHS are addressed by the county ASAP. I can begin to think about teen drivers using Ed McClain to get to school every day, that road
is a public safety disaster.noI want my kids to go to the schools closest to our home and stay within same feeder pattern.The high school option for our neighborhood is a different feeder pattern than elementary or middle school. The only kids my child will know when they get to high school will be those from our neighborhood.  This will make integration really hard
socially on our children at a critical time in their academic career.Again the colors on draft A do not match up with the outlines on draft A. Areas are not clear.  And what is going to be done
when these kids grow up? What new high school is being built now for them?nanAny draft without Landsdale in Urbana High School is unacceptable unless a new school is built.I prefer option B as it looks into the future.If you look at options A and B, both have some bizarre affects on our neighborhood. It seems to pull us back and forth between two different groups. A keeps us with Kemptown and Windsor Knolls but then pulls our kids away from many of their long time friends to go to Linganore.  B pulls our kids away from Kemptown (which is really important to us to not happen) to go to Twin Ridge, but then comes back to Windsor Knolls and Urbana.  We also realize that the high school district will probably
change dramatically with all the developing areas.I do not think it is fair nor wise to have the residents at  Lansdale be districted to Linganore HS instead of Urbana HS When you look at the map it is shows  that you purposefully carved out one chunk of area That so obviously should go to Urbana HS. You do not care that you are disrupting numerous families. It is so easy for you to look at a map and draw lines deciding the fate of tons of families- you ask for input from people, but have so obviously disregarded it where it counts-and for what? Linganore
HS is nowhere near Lansdale-Urbana HS is right down the street. This is a blatant disregard of what makes sense and family input.It doesn't make sense to send kids all the way out to linganore high when the road to Oakdale high essentially comes to our
neighborhoodB is better bc it keeps OHS enrollment lower, hopefully avoiding another district adjustment in the near future.I prefer A but I like them both.Option B splits off portions of Linganore that doesn't make sense for neighborhood continuity.No opinionNo commentoption A makes more sense for the community.My children already attend Urbana high school.   I don't want them to change schools.   I agree Linganore and Urbana are both great schools.   I would be fine with starting them at Linganore if weren't already at Urbana. They both are honor roll students who participate in Sports. They have made friends and created a life there.  It is unfair to make the students start over again at a
new  school.  It is hard enough to fit in when you are a teenager but to have to go through it twice is extremely difficult.School bus is still important.nanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BnanNothing. I would like the schooling to stay as is.Not at this timeNoWe are requesting that the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows be moved back into the OHS feeder under Option B as it does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middle school level and actually better balances "out year" overcapacity rates between LHS and OHS under this option. Reasons why:
- Capacity and School Utilization Numbers:
o Balmoral and the Meadows have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is a well connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these students socially from the greater community.
o Under Option B, moving Balmoral and the Meadows to the LHS feeder has little impact on capacity numbers at all school levels (less than 1 percent). In fact, moving us back to the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B would create a more balanced out year utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels.
- Redistricting Criteria:
o Per Policy 200.2, the Board set criteria for redistricting that is intended to guide the final decision. During the January voting, community members choose their top three criteria as priorities for consideration. Two of those criteria were Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. Moving us out of the OHS feeder goes against the criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community.
o Our neighborhood was redistricted from LHS into OHS just 8 years ago. It seems due to our location, we could be in a situation of continually flip flopping between feeders as additional schools are built. The Board's criteria also includes keeping  redistricting to a minimum.
- Split Feeders:
o It was clear from the March survey that parents prefer to avoid split feeders. Option B creates a split feeder at the elementary level. Additionally, a desire to have an even split moving from one school level to the next is not part of the overall redistricting criteria set forth by the Board and should not take priority over other factors when making a decision to alter an existing feeder pattern.
o Moving us into the NMMS/LHS feeder simply to achieve a 50/50 elementary to middle school split in the near term is not a sound reason to make a drastic change for these students. Hamptons West has yet to be built and could easily provide a better split balance as the homes are developed. As projection numbers are not always correct, trying to achieve a short term balance may result in a long-term imbalance as projection numbers have been incorrect in the past.
o Lastly, the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge had the March Option B (redistricted to GTJMS) removed from consideration as a result of their vocal petition despite the low utilization rate of GTJMS under both of the current options. Clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder
Patterns. As our recommendation does not create an over capacity situation in either option, we should be afforded the same consideration in order to remain at OMS and OHS.I think it's an obvious choice to include the Landsdale community in the Linganore district. They are the next closest PB not already at LHS, and it's great to keep them all together. It gives UHS some relief, and doesn't make the travel time too much more for these children (the least travel time for any current UHS student moving to LHS). Please make it known if high school
seniors can stay at their current high school.These options are much better. West Winds would stay at the school that is less than 5 minutes away.I'd like to be assured that what is decided now will be in place for the next 10-15 years and I'm not faced with re- redistricting in
the middle of my kids MS and HS years.I want BIn Option A in 2028, LHS is too underutilized at only 89% while UHS (150%) and OHS (121%) are far too overutilized.  By contrast, in Option B, while still overutilized, the distribution is more balanced, thus more able to be managed by the county and also potentially delaying redistricting (UHS--130%, LHS--114%, and OHS--109%).  However, these 2028 estimates do beg the
question:  what are the plans for a new HS in Frederick County?I do not like that PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 have been included in Option A as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.  They should remain at UHS, as it is being
considered in HS Option B.No opinionI like the idea since our kids can stay at the same school in the Villages of  Urbana. No bus pickup/drop-off will cause a lot of
traffic going on in the neighborhood & the safety concerns to more students who walk to school everyday then.We are pleased that our planning block 63 is now staying in the Oakdale feeder for both optionsI do not like that PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 have been included in Option A as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.  They should remain at UHS, as it is being
considered in HS Option B.nanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BWe are requesting that the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows be moved back into the OHS feeder under Option B as it does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middle school level and actually better balances "out year" overcapacity rates between LHS and OHS under this option. Reasons why:
- Capacity and School Utilization Numbers:
o Balmoral and the Meadows have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is a well connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these students socially from the greater community.
o Under Option B, moving Balmoral and the Meadows to the LHS feeder has little impact on capacity numbers at all school levels (less than 1 percent). In fact, moving us back to the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B would create a more balanced out year utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels.
- Redistricting Criteria:
o Per Policy 200.2, the Board set criteria for redistricting that is intended to guide the final decision. During the January voting, community members choose their top three criteria as priorities for consideration. Two of those criteria were Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. Moving us out of the OHS feeder goes against the criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community.
o Our neighborhood was redistricted from LHS into OHS just 8 years ago. It seems due to our location, we could be in a situation of continually flip flopping between feeders as additional schools are built. The Board's criteria also includes keeping  redistricting to a minimum.
- Split Feeders:
o It was clear from the March survey that parents prefer to avoid split feeders. Option B creates a split feeder at the elementary level. Additionally, a desire to have an even split moving from one school level to the next is not part of the overall redistricting criteria set forth by the Board and should not take priority over other factors when making a decision to alter an existing feeder pattern.
o Moving us into the NMMS/LHS feeder simply to achieve a 50/50 elementary to middle school split in the near term is not a sound reason to make a drastic change for these students. Hamptons West has yet to be built and could easily provide a better split balance as the homes are developed. As projection numbers are not always correct, trying to achieve a short term balance may result in a long-term imbalance as projection numbers have been incorrect in the past.
o Lastly, the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge had the March Option B (redistricted to GTJMS) removed from consideration as a result of their vocal petition despite the low utilization rate of GTJMS under both of the current options. Clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. As our recommendation does not create an over capacity situation in either option, we should be afforded the same
consideration in order to remain at OMS and OHS.Leave Kemptown feeder intactNoI am a public school teacher and I believe in the public school system. I also believe in transparency within all parts of the school system and feel that the efforts put forth in the name of transparency as far as the public surveys, concepts, option maps, andnanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or Bresults were essentially a "bait and switch."  Why did Cropper GIS develop three concepts that originally (in March) showed the Landsdale community continuing to attend Urbana HS in two of the three, only to completely change direction for the most recent (in June) two option maps and move the Landsdale community to Linganore?  Where is the transparency about what went into the decisions that were made to make this change? I believe the greater community should be made aware of the reasons why these changes were made.
In the March survey results, when asked, "Which Board of Education Policy 200.2 criteria did you consider when determining your opinion towards High School Initial Concept. . . ?" The majority of the community members (in the entire LOU re- districting study area) who responded chose, "Proximity to schools, in order to maximize walkers and minimize distance or time of bus runs." There were 730 responses to this criteria for Option 1, 720 for Option 2, and 715 for Option 3. Urbana High School is approximately 4.1 miles from Landsdale, or an 8 minute drive.  Linganore is approximately 7.6 miles from Landsdale, or a 15 minute drive.
I think it's important to note that this approximate 4 mile/7 minute difference poses numerous safety issues for the teens in our community.  The Landsdale community is forced to make right hand turns out of the neighborhood onto Ed McClain Road, for reasons that are unknown to the community.  As a result, our teen drivers and buses will have to make a left on to Route 80 from Ed McClain, an intersection in which we have already seen numerous accidents, another left onto Route 75 and then continue their drive on back roads in order to arrive at school.  That additional 4 miles/7 minutes and multiple left hand turns increases the risk of accidents for our new, young drivers, as well as our school buses.  According to the US National Highway Traffic Safety Association, turning left is a leading critical pre-crash event, and occurs in 22.2 percent of crashes.  Further, approximately 61 percent of crashes that take place while turning or crossing an intersection involve a left-hand turn. This safety concern is even more relevant in the winter when it is still dark in the morning when our teens will drive themselves to school.  Add in bad weather to the multiple left-hand turns and that is an even bigger recipe for disaster.  The current infrastructure of the roads surrounding our neighborhood do not support the suggested drive to Linganore for buses or teen drivers.
Lastly, I'm curious to know if ALL stakeholders were surveyed?  Did our high school students or our middle school students, have an opportunity to voice their opinions as it relates to the  redistricting study? I don't believe they did. That brings me back  to my original question about transparency.  Teens are bright, intelligent, young people who are at an age where they are coming into their own.  I'm sure they have opinions that should be heard when it comes to decisions that, in the end, are ultimately about
them.NoneDon't even redistrict - county's own numbers show it will not help!Keep Kemptown together.Do what's best for the school system not the crazy people.  My kids may all be redistricted if option B is selected.  Guess what, they will still get on a bus that will take them to a good school and they will have friends and they will learn and they will play sports.  They will not be socially isolated or have mental issues for the rest of their lives because of this.  We will be happy and
fine either way.nanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BMy first thoughts about the current draft options A and B are that I am shocked.  The rationale was never presented at the June meeting of the complete 180 from the first options.  I am curious how the committee went from 3 options, two of which including the Landsdale Community to stay at UHS down to 2 options and cutting the entire community out altogether.  Nothing was presented to suggest that the current high school students should not be affected at the time the redistricting goes into affect only that the phase in process will be given at the very end of the study.  This sounds like the community will have zero input on the phase in process.
I understand that Landsdale was re-considered for the redistricting out of UHS due to all of the planned housing but nothing was mentioned in the planning about the safety of our children traveling to and from LHS by bus or otherwise with the current road conditions of Ed McClain Road, Rt. 75, and the dangerous intersections of Ed McClain Road and 75, Ed McClain Road and Fingerboard Road, Fingerboard Road and Rt. 75, Rt. 75 and Interstate 70.
I understand that this has been presented by other parents but it does bare repeating.  As I'm positive you all have driven these routes before presenting these options, you know that Ed McClain abruptly changes from a wide road with clear lane markings to an unlined, winding and hilly road, with blind curves and narrows down to one lane over an old bridge.  The road is also extremely dark.  The darkness being a huge issue for those kids who stay after for practice and rehearsals for school events during the Winter months when it gets darker earlier.  This also goes for Rt. 75 itself if one wanted to avoid Ed McClain altogether.  It is dark and windy with dangerous hairpin turns.  I am happy to get numbers for you for accidents at those exact locations.
Turning left onto Fingerboard from Ed McClain is extremely dangerous at any time of day.  There have been numerous accidents at this intersection as well due to cars coming from the Temple across the street not yielding and cars flying over the hill heading East on 80.  There is no light to control this.  I'm assuming these conditions were heavily monitored as well before presenting the most recent options.  The intersections of 75/80 and 75/I70 are extremely dangerous as well even with traffic lights.
My husband and I recently drove to LHS and it took 15 minutes with no traffic and all green lights.  It currently takes us 7 minutes to get to UHS.  It's hard enough on these kids to be picked up at 6:45am for UHS, be in school all day with a rigorous schedule, stay after school for tutoring and/or extra curricular activities then stay up late doing homework and studying.  Every minute of sleep counts for these kids.
We are hopeful that you all consider the current safety conditions traveling to LHS and grandfather the current students in to UHS and possibly future students until these factors of safety are corrected.  It would be tragic to have not only a parent but a new and inexperienced driver get into an accident because of these poor road conditions.  It is not always feasible to be picked up by a working parent and kids will have to drive themselves.
Currently there is only one bus that serves Landsdale to UHS. As kids are moving in, others are aging out.  Do you foresee an additional bus to UHS getting added to Landsdale anytime soon or are we really only talking about a handful of kids getting grandfathered in?  Is it possible for kids to get grandfathered in if they provide their own transportation?nanNo opinionAs stated before, it is the most valuable option. It seems to be a better fix across the board for all Frederick communities. The Urbana area is wide spread so Option A accomplishes better feeder patterns, more balance demographically, and better fix to
Over Crowding.NonanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BThe main issue is that the area needs new schools to accommodate for the growth in Urbana and Landsdale. I believe the other impacted communities are suffering with this redistricting because proper planning was not done for the over growth in those
areas.During the March LOU Redistricting meeting, we learned that our neighborhood (Planning Block 154 - Meadows village in Lake Linganore) was to remain in the OHS feeder under all 3 options. We were told that no new options would be created, that only combinations of the existing options would be presented in June. During the June meeting, we learned that under Option B the Lake Linganore Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows would be redistricted into the LHS feeder. This came as a surprise to many in our neighborhood. We were told by Mr. Cropper that we were moved into the LHS feeder simply to balance an elementary to middle school split. As previously stated, this is not a criterion listed in Board Policy 200.2. This runs counter to the wishes of the community.
Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns are listed as criteria for the Board and were two of the highest priorities from the community from the January meeting. Moving us out of the OHS feeder under Option B certainly goes against attempting to maintain existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger Lake Linganore community.
I would like to note that the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge, which was designated to feed into GTJMS under the March Option B, was subsequently removed from consideration in the new options, clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns.
My recommendation is to include the Meadows and Balmoral Villages of Lake Linganore in the OMS and OHS feeder pattern under Option B, which is clearly aligned with these top two priorities and we should be afforded the same consideration as the rest of the Lake Linganore community.  Further, this would create a more balanced utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels.
Proximity to school is another criteria set forth by the Board. There are other Planning Blocks closer to NMMS than the blocks within Balmoral and the Meadows. Utilizing this criteria is suspect at best.
Finally, our neighborhood was redistricted from LHS into OHS just 8-9 years ago; a new school the lake community embraced. Moving us again seems like a rash decision considering there is likely to be yet another redistricting in the out years as there is a clear need for additional schools to be constructed in the area. It seems due to our location, we could be in a situation of continually flip flopping between feeders. This should be avoided, as I know one of the Board's criteria is to keep redistricting to
a minimum.Thank you for listening to our neighborhood's previous comments and incorporating them into your final two optionsNoPlease. Keep us together and don't let the overdevelopment of our area come between our homes and familiesI've been disappointed to hear from friends that FCPS is unwilling to guarantee "grandfathering" to students who will be seniors the year these transitions occur.
Here are just a few of the the varying needs that will be impacted by transferring these students:
* references they will need for applications to colleges, or for scholarships, work, and other opportunities that they would look to past teachers to write
* the leadership roles they will have filled in their student body or sports teams up to that time that will most likely not be accommodated by transferring their senior year.
* classes not offered at the new high school that are needed to graduate.
Would you please extend  a grandfather clause to the students who will be most impacted by changes their senior year?In the first survey option 2 and 3 will keep Urbana HS for Landsdale students. The published results showed that option 1, the
only one changing to another school, was the least popular. For inexplicable reasons options 2 & 3 are gone.NonanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BHigh School Utilization Statistics " Lower Utilization %s under Option B for 2 out of 3 HS: Under Option B, Oakdale HS shows 6% lower utilization than Option A, and Linganore HS shows 3% lower utilization than Option A.
High School Enrollment: Total 9-12 Estimated Enrollment is lower for 2 out of 3 HS under Option B:  Under Option B, Oakdale HS and Linganore HS show lowered estimated enrollments:
LHS (Option A/1529) (Option B/1488) OHS (Option A/1293) (Option B/1196)
In addition, in comparing 2018-2019 9-12 enrollment with the estimated enrollment under Option A and B, Option B lowers enrollment for Oakdale HS more and shows less increased enrollment for Linganore High School under Option B: 2018/2019 9- 12 Estimated Enrollment OHS 1293 (Option A/1291) (Option B/1194).Not at this time since my kids aren't school aged yet but one of the main reasons we recently moved into the neighborhood was
for the Oakdale schools.Option A and B both relieve UHS. However, Option A relieves more and appears to be more equitable than Option B. If I lived in Landsdale (I do not) I would be deeply unhappy that students who lived further from UHS could continue to attend UHS while
my students could not.My response to each option is the same: It is important to keep kids in the same feeder for all three levels of ES, MS, HS. Looking at the maps, I am thinking Option B keeps more of the kids together for all 3 levels. Option B will also prevent overcrowding at
Oakdale High and Oakdale Middle, especially as the developments near those schools continue to grow.I believe better and more safe infrastructure needs to be in place before Landsdale HS students are bused to Linganore.  Ed McClain Road is a death trap waiting to happen. I do not believe Plan A or B are viable options for that community.  The amount of children who will be attending UH from that community is not significant enough at this time to make the change...furthermore, the Linganore area is almost full of new construction truly making this redistricting a short term fix.  Be a
little progressive and think further ahead than 5-7 years.  A new High school at that end of the county is a MUST. Why not start that project now!Option B splits 2 neighborhoods off from the entire Lake Linganore community. We all share amenities, sports teams, etc.noNo opinionUnfortunately, the redistricting process is inherently flawed because it only involves a portion of the county.  This places immediate limitations on where students and communities can attend schools and where individual planning blocks can shift to; thus this process is less responsive to the population growth of the county.  For example, only addressing the portion of students attending TJ Middle residing east of the Monacacy River rather than all students attending, or who could attend, TJ Middle places severe limitations on options for shifting planning blocks to fully utilize TJ Middle.  I don't believe you can adequately or equitably address the redistricting needs of the county by doing a partial redistricting of the county.  We need to get this right. We need full county redistricting.  It's better to take the time to get it right than to push through a partial attempt that gets it
wrong for years to come and that is more costly.  The question is, who is brave enough to do what's right?Only redistricting part of the county limits where students and communities can attend schools and where individual planning
blocks can shift to.  You cannot address the needs of the county by only doing a partial redistricting of the county.My same general comment about the undefined criteria and lack of a comprehensive set of metrics applies to all the schools in the study.  Do the options satisfy the criteria to a greater or lesser degree than the existing districts?  No one knows because well defined metrics have not been developed.  Has the process of developing concepts and options converged ?  No one knows because not even the cost has been calculated and that is the only metric in the study to be optimized at present.   Instead your effort has focused on varying what should be constraints in the problem (eg. utilization, FARM rates).  Those are not the most suitable  objectives.
The redistricting effort should go back to the start, define the criteria (not just list them in a document), develop a set of quantitative metrics that are shared with the public and then used to find the optimal boundary configuration.  Unless this is
done, your effort is making ad hoc corrections to the boundaries in a highly irregular and inconsistent  manner.I wish I had confidence that you were actually going to listen to the resident's input on these surveys, but seeing as you've completely eliminated the option to keep the Landsdale Community in Urbana High School, I don't know what your point is in even asking us what we prefer. You asked residents to vote on the original three (3) concepts and you pursued the least popular high school option. You did numerous presentations marketing your transparent/ fair process but it appears your dog-and-pony show was possibly a hoax duping the parents to believe their vote really matters. I realize that not every option will satisfy all stakeholders, but when there are deviations or modifications to a process without an appropriate detailed response, it appears
the parents were misled and the process has been corrupted.It appears that option B would reassign some students out of Urbana HS attendance area. Again, if this helps redistribute
students to help mitigate overcrowding, then I would support option B.I do not like that PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 have been included in Option A as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.  They should remain at UHS, as it is being
considered in HS Option B.nanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BWe are requesting that the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows be moved back into the OHS feeder under Option B as it does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middle school level and actually better balances "out year" overcapacity rates between LHS and OHS under this option.
Reasons why:
- Capacity and School Utilization Numbers:
o Balmoral and the Meadows have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is a well connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these students socially from the greater community.
o Under Option B, moving Balmoral and the Meadows to the LHS feeder has little impact on capacity numbers at all school levels (less than 1 percent). In fact, moving us back to the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B would create a more balanced out year utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels.
- Redistricting Criteria:
o Per Policy 200.2, the Board set criteria for redistricting that is intended to guide the final decision. During the January voting, community members choose their top three criteria as priorities for consideration. Two of those criteria were Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. Moving us out of the OHS feeder goes against the criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community.
o Our neighborhood was redistricted from LHS into OHS just 8 years ago. It seems due to our location, we could be in a situation of continually flip flopping between feeders as additional schools are built. The Board's criteria also includes keeping  redistricting to a minimum.
- Split Feeders:
o It was clear from the March survey that parents prefer to avoid split feeders. Option B creates a split feeder at the elementary level. Additionally, a desire to have an even split moving from one school level to the next is not part of the overall redistricting criteria set forth by the Board and should not take priority over other factors when making a decision to alter an existing feeder pattern.
o Moving us into the NMMS/LHS feeder simply to achieve a 50/50 elementary to middle school split in the near term is not a sound reason to make a drastic change for these students. Hamptons West has yet to be built and could easily provide a better split balance as the homes are developed. As projection numbers are not always correct, trying to achieve a short term balance may result in a long-term imbalance as projection numbers have been incorrect in the past.
o Lastly, the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge had the March Option B (redistricted to GTJMS) removed from consideration as a result of their vocal petition despite the low utilization rate of GTJMS under both of the current options. Clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. As our recommendation does not create an over capacity situation in either option, we should be afforded the same
consideration in order to remain at OMS and OHS.We are requesting that the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows be moved back into the OHS feeder under Option B as it does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middle school level and actually better balances "out year" overcapacity ratesnanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or Bbetween LHS and OHS under this option. Reasons why:
- Capacity and School Utilization Numbers:
o Balmoral and the Meadows have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is a well connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these students socially from the greater community.
o Under Option B, moving Balmoral and the Meadows to the LHS feeder has little impact on capacity numbers at all school levels (less than 1 percent). In fact, moving us back to the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B would create a more balanced out year utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels.
- Redistricting Criteria:
o Per Policy 200.2, the Board set criteria for redistricting that is intended to guide the final decision. During the January voting, community members choose their top three criteria as priorities for consideration. Two of those criteria were Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. Moving us out of the OHS feeder goes against the criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community.
o Our neighborhood was redistricted from LHS into OHS just 8 years ago. It seems due to our location, we could be in a situation of continually flip flopping between feeders as additional schools are built. The Board's criteria also includes keeping  redistricting to a minimum.
- Split Feeders:
o It was clear from the March survey that parents prefer to avoid split feeders. Option B creates a split feeder at the elementary level. Additionally, a desire to have an even split moving from one school level to the next is not part of the overall redistricting criteria set forth by the Board and should not take priority over other factors when making a decision to alter an existing feeder pattern.
o Moving us into the NMMS/LHS feeder simply to achieve a 50/50 elementary to middle school split in the near term is not a sound reason to make a drastic change for these students. Hamptons West has yet to be built and could easily provide a better split balance as the homes are developed. As projection numbers are not always correct, trying to achieve a short term balance may result in a long-term imbalance as projection numbers have been incorrect in the past.
o Lastly, the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge had the March Option B (redistricted to GTJMS) removed from consideration as a result of their vocal petition despite the low utilization rate of GTJMS under both of the current options. Clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. As our recommendation does not create an over capacity situation in either option, we should be afforded the same
consideration in order to remain at OMS and OHS.Highly agree with B!!!!Option A:
PB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends  GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to LHS.
Allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students.  PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS community since the
school was built.Option A:
PB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends  GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to LHS.
Allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students.  PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.
Option B: Impacts fewer HS students than Option A.  (Option A/193) (Option B/152)  Moreover, in Option B the impact burden is more equally distributed between Oakdale High School and Urbana High School. Since both OHS and UHS populations contribute to the population growth, it is fair that both schools share the burden of impact.nanOther Thoughts and Observations about High School DRAFT Option A and/or BYou really should not single out one community off Boyers Mill out of the rest to go to a completely different HS.  I don't get it. We are a part of the same HOA and my kid has friends south and west of us in the other communities and even in Woodsworth Estates.  I've consistently been worried about him being separated from people he knows and I don't like him being pulled a part
from them like option B does.NoIt would be best to keep planning blocks 154, 157, and 159 with the other Lake Linganore planning blocks in the vicinity and keep them at Oakdale HS in the established feeder pattern no matter what option is proposed. The small number of students in
these planning blocks should not be cut off from the rest of the neighborhood and sent to LHS.The increase is the LHS District needs to be in balance with the increased growth in Urbana; Option A is too drastic.I don't have a stein that opinion about either high school option as neither hurts or disrupts our neighborhood or expectations
when we moved here.No opinionPlan B is NOT Good - Keep Lake Linganore all going to Oakdale High