I live in Westwinds - new elementary school or existing NMES are both reasonable in terms of busing.We stay at our current school. Love this!We stay in the same schoolShorter bus ride to new ESLove it! Keeps our family in the same school.Jesse Smith Rd remains in the New Market Elementary district and feeds into New Market MiddleNothing. I don't want the new schoolDon't like itI don't like itThis works as well since my kids currently attend.All school below 100% utilizationThat my children do not have to move to a new school, a school that will be placed over capacity.My kids will stay at New Market Elementary SchoolMy kids don't have to change schoolsI like that our child wouldn't have to change schools.Nothing at allI like that PB146 retains NMMS / LHS. Shorter distances to schools for parents / teen drivers / buses and
safer routes.There is too much on the interactive map for me to clearly understand what will take place with my kids.
Parents need a less complicated version. I tried to search by my address but was unable to enter it.The new ES will be closer.New school would have brand new facilitiesNO TO OPTION B. Option B goes against your stated priorities of "established feeder patterns" and creates  a negative "impact on neighborhoods and communities." If Option B happens, my 1st grader at NMES will be forced to leave all her friends (that she just made since we are new here), from NM West and Orchard neighborhoods, to go to a brand new elementary school and make new friends with other Linganore neighborhoods, only to then be ripped away from them and put back with NMWest and Orchard kids when she goes to middle school. Any child psychologist will tell you that children need stability, especially at a
young age. This is the opposite of that.i don't have strong feelings.It is same as before and so no commentsOption B Would allow us to stay at our current school.
Our child will be in 5th grade that year, and he should not have to attend another school. Also we are car riders and we have a child in NMMS, so to go to another district for our ELEM school would be take the
children away from the current activities that they do together.No opinionI don't like this option for  West WindsI like that it works to keep students in urbana area in the current schools they are in.Don't like this option.That it helps New Market numbers and helps direct the areas likely for future development to the new school so we don't have the same issue in the near future. And the school is closer to the areas where people
live. Less geography for more numbers of kids.The rural children on Woodville Rd, Silver Fern, & Jessie Smith do not shift to Twin Ridge ES and stay at
New Market ES.My child would stay in her Elementary school that she has been in for two year and will be three by the time
you would implement these options.Love option B! Please keep us in NMES district.  As mentioned in previous question...I dont like option A because it would change our ES from NMES to TRES.  I have a soon to be 2nd grade foster daughter who we are going to be adopting this year and she has been through too much trauma this past year and changing schools again will have a detrimental impact on her and cause additional and unnecessary trauma.  This is a child who is having severe struggles with making connections and if she were to change schools it will be a major issue for her.  We live at 6113 Woodville Road.  Please keep us in New Market Elementary School and
go with option B.WestWinds children would go to new school1. Keeps projected enrollment numbers as low as possible until 2028 (the goal of redistricting)
2.  All elementary schools are below 100% capacity during the first year of redistricting (with the exception
of Liberty Elementary - which does not appear to change much in either option)We purchased our home based on the our kids going to NMES for the entirety of their elementary school years. We live in on Jesse Smith Road. Most of the kids effected by option A do not live in a neighborhood and will have a harder time making new friends at a new school. They don't live in a neighborhood and can come home from school and play with other kids. Option B is a must for the kids in the eastern area that are affected by this redistrict. Our homes have been here much longer then all the new construction that has created this redistrict. To move our kids to a new school is unfair and will effect them in a negative way. I
appreciate you reading my comments and taking them to heart.