We do not like option B. It separates the neighborhood making it so our children will be separated from
children they previously went to school with.I do not like draft option B.  It divides the back of one neighborhood, literally a few streets, to a different
middle school than the rest of the entire community.It keeps our current feeder to Oakdale MS.Nothing     you can't separate out one small neighborhood from the rest of the community.  It would be
absolutely terrible for the kids in the Meadows and BalmoralI don't like it.It relieves overcrowding at Oakdale, even if my kid will end up @ New Market I am ok with this.  Better for
all kids.NOTHINGNothing!!!It's terrible, I don't want my kids split and sent to a different school than we have always plannedStaying in the OMS feeder and not TJMSIt keeps Summerfield at Oakdale Middle School and not moved to New Market middle and then back to
Oakdale High school.Nothingthe students stay in the same middle and high schoolOakdale ms capacity relief- it needs it!!Option B is awful. There should be no splitting of the lake Linganore community0More even distribution of utilization, especially considering projected growth areas.Do not likeNOTHiNG!! This splits up linganore community!!!!Do not likeDon't like itNothingNothingIt seems detrimental to the community to send a small sliver to a different MS and HSNothingNothingSame schoolsI oppose this plan.I do not like option BDo not acceptI do not like this optionIt separates our community.NothingOakdale doesn't seem to be impacted too much, so we like that.I don't like it at all.  It breaks up our community and would isolate those in my neighborhood from the rest
of the community.I do not like splitting the kids.NothingnanI like nothing about plan B. Lake Linganore students should be together.Nothing, it breaks up our neighborhoodDo not acceptHate itNothingI don't like it.It keeps the Linganore pattern together. Best choice in my opinion.NoneI have a positive opinion of the communities feeding into this school that my children would be redistricted
to.Absolutely nothing.This is a terrible option, and whomever thought it up should be ashamed of themselves.NothingnothingI do not like Option B because it excludes a small portion of Lake Linganore from the Meadows.  We are talking about 110 middle school students.  It is more important to my family that the lake community sticks
together.Did not review as has little to no impact on my familyI do not like anything about it.It would be fine if you remembered to add Balmoral and Meadows to stay with the rest of their community
of Lake Linganore.  It would be detrimental to keep the entire community together except our few streets.nanI don't find option B feasible due to the division of the community/village.I do not like Option B as it splits off sections of the neighborhood.i don't like it b/c it separates the neighborhood kidsDo not want this option at all.I don'tSame as above.I like that it keeps PB63 in Oakdale ES, MS and HS. This is the current alignment which makes most sense as we are the closes established neighborhood to all three schools. I also like that it keeps PB 63 in Oakdale MS
and HS rather than sending us all over the map for each transition.noneKeeps neighborhood kids together and keeps them in the same feeder pattern. Great optionThis option allows for our children to attend Oakdale MS, which was a large factor in building in
WoodridgeNothing - We live in the Lake Linganore/Meadows. I do not like this option because it separates my children with the other kids in our community. The whole reason move to this area was for this close knit
community.I think that those areas are closest to Westwinds and those students do attend NMMS and LHS.I don'tI do not like this option.Smaller projected over capacity percentagesFor my kids it is the same as option a, however several of their friends in the greater community would be
split into a different feeder pattern which I don't think is good.We don't have to changeI don't like Option B. When West Winds was sent to Linganore years ago, it did cause a separation in our community. It was a more natural split because it was off Gas House as opposed to Boyers Mill, and so it feels like a different community all together. It did help with demographics I assume. All that said, Taking Balmoral/Meadows which is a large part of the Lake Communities History and moving them to Linganore
would be a heavy divide for our community.N/A.Nothingdislike - separates out from LLA communityNothingI like that the long term projections for this option indicate it will prevent overcrowding at Oakdale MS in
the next 10 years.nanI feel this option is well done with one exception. The Meadows/Balmoral village of Lake Linganore. Why
not keep them as Oakdale feeder? Less than 100 kids.I do not like it as it creates a middle school split at the East County School and pulls the Lake Linganore Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows into the LHS feeder thus cutting a small portion of students off from
the greater Lake Linganore community.I do not like option B due to re-established feeder patterns and dividing one section of the community.Includes all of MeadowsAlso minimizes changes for existing kids.Better overcrowding reductionno good outcomeKeeps our eldest with existing friends, school community, and youngest will get to go to same school which
creates a great community feelIt doesn't change the school we attend at all, so seems fine to me.nanUnsureUnsureI believe it does a better job addressing overcrowding.I like that middle school option B appears to address possible future over crowding issues at oakdale
middle by sending more students to new market middle school.I am fine with the majority of it but we are missing a small chunk of Lake Linganore (balmoral and meadows) and this goes against Mr. Coopers statement in the Frederick Post where  he assured residents that "great effort will be made not to split up communities and if a community has to move, they move
together"Going to NMES will be less crowded than staying at OMSI like that Middle School Draft Option B will keep our children at Oakdale Middle School. We moved to this
area, from out of state, specifically for the Oakdale Middle School system.Option B breaks up a good portion of lake Linganore .  Meadows is furthest  neighborhood from New
Market MiddleNeighborhoods, mostly, remain in the same feeder pattern (Oakdale) and are together. If they are transitioning these kids to a new elementary school already, they should be transitioned to the same
Oakdale feeder for Middle and High School.nanThe Meadows should not be split from the rest of Lake Linganore. I've heard about an option that would move the meadows back but not the new Hamptons. Our children have already formed tight bonds with all
the areas of LL and should not be split upI am fine with the majority of it but we are missing a small chunk of Lake Linganore (balmoral and meadows) and this goes against Mr. Coopers statement in the Frederick Post where  he assured residents that "great effort will be made not to split up communities and if a community has to move, they move
together"That PB#63 remains in the Oakdale feeder for Elementary through HSI believe this option does a slightly better job addressing the overcrowding issues.I extremely dislike this option. It doubles the number of students impacted. It splits my neighborhood Meadows Planning board #154, 157 ,159 and Balmoral from The Lake Linganore community. These are 2 small neighborhoods very integrated to the community, just 89 kids that are going to be socially isolated  and segregated from their community and have to go to a completely different environment. These kids grew up in Deer Crossing Elementary together, this elementary school is basically a Lake Linganore community school. In addition Lake Linganore is a very integrated community with the lakes and amenities where kids get together and the school is part of this integration, that is where they make friends that they see at the Lake Linganore events. My daughter in option B would start Middle School in a school where basically she does not know anybody just a few neighbors , same with my son would start high school in a school where they don't know many kids, none of their friends would go there with them. It is heartbreaking and highly disruptive in addition my son is already working in his high school credits so it will disrupt him greatly. The amount of children being moved at the middle school level is just 89 for our neighborhoods not enough to help at less than 1% and on top of that the Middle School is being under utilize greatly at 64% compared to New Market at 88% in option B. The growth in the area is projected to be larger but those are estimates that may be wrong.The new East county elementary is split into 2 at 52% to 48% and the reason we were given at the presentation for the split is that they wanted to have the split almost even and since they were moving West winds neighborhood to the east county elementary (which they don't want)in Option B . But with the new Hamptons neighborhood being built up that uneven split (which will be 32% to 67% which is not bad really) will disappear in a few years when the new kids start
school so it makes sense to keep Meadows and Balmoral in the oakdale feeder (planning blocks 154,157,159).I like how middle school draft option B has consistent feeder patterns.If you go with OPTION B I would recommend leaving Balmoral/Meadows with the OMS and OHS feeder
pattern (see detail in my observations below)NothingNothing.NothingMuch closer to MeadowsOMS is so much closer to Meadows/BalmoralIt keeps our neighborhood togetherSame as elementaryThe projected numbers appear to have less crowdingnanSwitches feeder patternsWe are requesting that the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows be moved back into the OHS feeder under Option B as it does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middle school level and actually better balances "out year"ù overcapacity rates between LHS and OHS under this option. Reasons why:
o Capacity and School Utilization Numbers:
o Balmoral and the Meadows have an average of 100 students at each school level. That is a very small amount of students to move from the greater Lake Linganore community. Lake Linganore is a well connected community both physically and socially through trails that connect our neighborhood and community events. We feel that the small amount of students pulled into the LHS feeder would isolate these students socially from the greater community.
o Under Option B, moving Balmoral and the Meadows to the LHS feeder has little impact on capacity numbers at all school levels (less than 1 percent). In fact, moving us back to the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B would create a more balanced out year utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels. o Redistricting Criteria:
o Per Policy 200.2, the Board set criteria for redistricting that is intended to guide the final decision. During the January voting, community members choose their top three criteria as priorities for consideration. Two of those criteria were Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. Moving us out of the OHS feeder goes against the criteria of maintaining existing feeders and would negatively impact our neighborhood and community by socially isolating a small number of students from their peers in the larger community.
o Our neighborhood was redistricted from LHS into OHS just 8 years ago. It seems due to our location, we could be in a situation of continually flip flopping between feeders as additional schools are built. The Board's criteria also includes keeping redistricting to a minimum.
o Split Feeders:
o It was clear from the March survey that parents prefer to avoid split feeders. Option B creates a split feeder at the elementary level. Additionally, a desire to have an even split moving from one school level to the next is not part of the overall redistricting criteria set forth by the Board and should not take priority over other factors when making a decision to alter an existing feeder pattern.
o Moving us into the NMMS/LHS feeder simply to achieve a 50/50 elementary to middle school split in the near term is not a sound reason to make a drastic change for these students. Hamptons West has yet to be built and could easily provide a better split balance as the homes are developed. As projection numbers are not always correct, trying to achieve a short term balance may result in a long-term imbalance as projection numbers have been incorrect in the past.
o Lastly, the Lake Linganore Village of Woodridge had the March Option B (redistricted to GTJMS) removed from consideration as a result of their vocal petition despite the low utilization rate of GTJMS under both of the current options. Clearly indicating that even splits and capacity utilization are a lower priority compared to Impact on Communities and Established Feeder Patterns. As our recommendation does not create an over capacity situation in either option, we should be afforded the same consideration in
order to remain at OMS and OHS.Not in the bear interests of Lake Linganore as a community.I do not like this optionI like the MS option B (better than A) because most of the students in Lake Linganore will be continuing to go to Oakdale MS.  But the main reason I like B better than A is that it takes a more even split of the kids  that will be going to the new Blue Heron ES and splits it more 50/50 between Oakdale MS and New Market MS, which will be easier on the students to make and keep lasting friendships within the community both at
home and at school.This is not a good DRAFT for our community.I don't like it because it splits a tiny neighborhood from our community and it impacts more kids. My kids would lose all their friends while starting middle school and high school isolating from the community they grew up with. None of their friends would go with them into the new school. Splitting the new elementary school into 2 feeders goes against impact in communities and established feeder patterns.  and also leaves Oakdale middle school under capacity while isolating a small number of children less than a 100 at the MS and HS level. They are giving priority to a balanced split for just projection numbers that may or may not be
accurate.No preference.staying togetherNothing, it separates the Lake Linganore community reducing critical social interactionsSee previous responsePB154 - we do not like this option as it moves our children to NMMS and LHSDoesn't include the Meadows for OMSSame as AI only like this option if the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows (PB154, 157, and 159) be moved back into the OMS feeder as it does not create a situation of overcapacity at the middle school level and actually better
balances "out year"ù overcapacity rates between LHS and OHS under this option.Preserves feeder patternOakdale is much closer to homeZeroNot much about Option B that I like, just the similar items to Option A.I think this is a great option because it allows the Lake Linganore (Meadows) kids to get back to the roots of going to Linganore and NMMS! I love the idea of splitting Lake Linganore so the kids can meet other kids
from different neighborhoods.Good (Oakdale  for all 3 schools)Do not support as it splits Meadows and Balmoral from rest of LLA for NME and Linganore HighNoneMy neighborhood stays in the current feeder pattern.not a fanI do not like this optionNot happyDoes a better job addressing overcrowding among the 3 feedersI like BThat we are in the Oakdale feederThere would be less children attending oakdale middle school which is needed as there are multiple
housing developments planned in this area.My children would maintain consistency in the Oakdale feeder pattern.NothingNothing.Again it keeps our community with the least amount of disruption.Oakdale appears to get some relief as it looks like it's numbers are growing.I like that our neighborhood kids in Greenview will go to Oakdale for middle school with their friends from
ES.I like how option B keeps the majority of lake linganore together. The only piece that is missing is the
meadows.My children would be districted for a school that will be undercapacity - as a parent of a child with an IEP whose needs are not currently being met at an overcrowded school, the additional resources that would be
available to her are appealing.I do NOT like that the Villages of Balmoral and the Meadows (PB 154/157/159) are moved into the LHS feeder. This splits off a very small part of the established Lake Linganore community. This would have a negative effect on our community. At the same time, moving this part of Lake Linganore to the LHS feeder would have a very small effect on capacity numbers at all school levels (less than 1 percent). In fact, moving these villages back to the OMS/OHS feeder under Option B would create a more balanced out year
utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels.Option B allows for slightly less overcrowding at the middle and high school levels, but does so at the expense of students in PB 154, 157, and 159. If Option B were modified to move these planning blocks back to OMS/OHS, while maintaining NMMS/LHS for the not-yet-developed PB 158, this would create a more balanced out year utilization rate at both the middle and high school levels. Removing the aforementioned
planning blocks has only a 1% impact on overcrowding numbers at the middle and high school levels.I don't like that it puts Meadows and Balmoral in the LHS feederIt is fineNothingdoesn't include new Hamptons areas