I noticed that option A keeps the majority of the students that are currently attending UMS staying at UMS instead of being transferred to Windsor Knolls. These areas include students living on and around Dixon
road. Although this keeps the capacity high for the middle school, it keeps the students at Urbana.Option A is a better option for the Urbana area.None.My vote is for OPTION AToo many students are impacted in Option B as compared to A.  DOUBLE THE AMOUNT!  This is not
good.  Option A is the better choice.I prefer Option B due to the lower utilization rate.Would love to explore options and community involvement in avoiding overcrowding at UMS.No issues with either, they both keep urbana kids togetherSame as option ANoneNoOption A is the most fair and impacts the least amount of kids with change at a critical ageIn Draft B you are taking a small amount (about 18 kids) and sending them to Windsor Knolls. That is isolating kids and is completely unfair, a small number of kids is not impacting the overcrowding of Urbana Middle. Planning Blocks 14, 21, 19 and 173 area need to stay at Urbana Middle. For many of those students they are now at Sugarloaf, will be moved to Urbana Elementary and split from friends, and then you are going to split them even more and send them to Windsor Knolls. Only to have them come back to Urbana High when all the new friends they make go onto Linganore High.  When you think about it like that, it seems pointless, no thought out and unfair to those kids. Kids have enough stress on them as it is, lets not
single small amounts of kids out and make their adolescent years even harder on them.No.Makes no difference for my areaThis option offers no relief to UMS.Looking at option A and UMS, the projected growth and increase over capacity makes Option B look a lot more appetizing. While it is still close to capacity, the numbers are more reasonable for option B over the
next 5-10 years.Option A/B both work  because it keeps my children close to homenaThe amount of kids effected is so small and is not worth the emotional distress it would put on families and
their children.either one is great!Option B negatively impacts the same children from a social standpoint several times.  The small18 kid group that will be impacted (from urbana)will be entering middles school ( windsor knowles)  without knowing anyone, and  then again when returning to UHS as freshmen.  That's just plain rough.  Planning
blocks 21,14,19,174,173, 11I LIKE BOTHI LIKE BOTHNo concerns as my kids stay at Urbana which is walking distance from my home.noYou listened to our comments about how it made no sense to send part of the VOU to Windsor Knolls MS.
Thank you.No.NoNaJust want to say thank you for listening to this community and their concerns leading up to the new draft concepts, option a and b. Thank you for keeping the community together and allowing our children to strive
in the neighborhood they've grown up in.Pick option AMS B is betterOption B has very long communte for some of WKMS which not only impact time on the bus to and from
school but also participation in extra curricular activites.NothingOkI do not like Option B as I feel it is under-effective, yet incredibly disruptive, to the only 18 students who will be pulled from the Urbana feeder to attend Windsor Knolls MS, but then sent back to UHS. Just 18
students! It seems best to keep them in their pattern in Urbana.Option B excludes less than 20 families to bus them out to WKMS. Waste of resources to bus such a small
group of kids over there & separate them from neighbors & friends.Please don't exclude 18 kids from the Urbana area in Option BNooption Aoption AUrbana MS is getting crowded.Option A will still include all urbana into Urbana MS.  Option B will notI vote for Option AI'm surprised you'd exclude the 18 kids west of 355 in the WKMS area but they would attend Urbana ES and
HS. Seems unfair to send them to another school during MS.With Option B a small number of kids affected by this concept would get switched to WKMS and that is not acceptable. The number is too small and leaves kids without friends they know during a very pivotal time in
their life.Only Option B incorporated community's suggestion and we are in favor of that. Option A did not
considered community's responsenoI am happy the Cropper team listened to some of the feedback and tried to keep most of the Urbana kids in
UMS.Why are these options so drastically different from the initial concepts?I do not think Option B solves the over crowding at UMS by excluding 18 kids. Please keep the original  UMS boundary. It would be terrible for these 18 kids to be separated from their friends, attend a new MS for 2-3 years and then reunited. Please consider the minimal impact of keeping the UMS boundary in its
original form.I like both options.The overcrowded classrooms are allowing behaviors that shouldn't be occurring to occur.I believe you can add the few rural students in the southern part of the county and keep them at UMS.  I
dont see where 20 or so kids makes a differenceoption A seems to be better for everyone in Urbana-particularly the absurdly tiny fraction of kids who
would be moved to Windsor Knolls from urbana MSI would prefer an option that sends more than a small handful of kids from Urbana to WKMS (option B). That seems like it would be very hard on those kids. It would be better to have a large cohort, as was
presented earlier in the process.GOODI vote option B over option A in that it will limit the frequency that we need to redistrict the children. I LOVE that we were able to voice our opinions in helping to keep our children that live in the urbana
highlands and VOU in the urbana schools. Thank you so very much for listening!NoPleased with these options.  Hopeful these are the drafts that remain.Though the main difference between Option A and B for UMS is that 19 students moving to WKMS, in the long run, Option B provides a better utilization rate for UMS in 2021, 2025 and 2028. It could potentially reflect the fact that the area where that 19 students come from has a faster growth that UMS won't be able to handle in the next 5-10 years.
In this case, I prefer MS Option B since I believe no family and kids would like to go through another round of school redistrict within 10 years. That will be too destructive to the kids, especially those in the lower grade and younger age. They will still be in school in the next 12 years. I do not want to see them to go
through twice or even 3 times of this destructive school redistrict process.MS Option A is just a short term solution for the area. Let's say Urbana MS, in MS Option A, there are no capacity relief after redistricting, even more, the utilization keep increase till 2028 which will not increase the educational welfare. Whereas MS Option B, the long term growth is well considered and the utilization
of all MS are more balancednanNo.In MS option A, Urbana MS got no capacity relief, furthermore, the utilization will sharply increase within 10 years which is highly unfavorable. In addition ,the feeder pattern of Windsor Knolls MS is unacceptable. While in MS Option B, there will be no changes in the number of students in non-transported area, besides, I
love the long term projection is being consider in the MS option B.Urbana elementary To  Windsor Knoll middle school and back to Urbana high school, The school in the
middle make no sense just keep it Urbana middle schoolNoI appreciate the board taking our concerns about keeping the entire Urbana community at Urbana MS into
consideration.  This is very much appreciated.Option B is a non-starter with more students impacted, negative impact to transportation considering increased bus travel across the southern part of Rt. 355 during rush hour, and potentially resulting in near
term school capacity issues.Need to think about building a new middle school(s) in Frederick County as development continues.  These
short term fixes are just that, short term fixes.goodnanNeither option truly relieves middle school overcrowding. Over 1/3rd of the VOU should be going to WKMS.  Also, it is very elitist to send the rural students who live further south on 355 to WKMS as opposed
to urbana.  To make the difference 1/3rd of Urbana students need to be a WKMS.Thanks for listening to the feedback and making changesthe reason why I moved to UrbanaOption AgoodOption B is not a good option. It take only 13 kids out of urbana area.  I do not see how 13 kids can make a difference, in addition moving them from their friends, the stress for having to relocate . Option A keeps all
the kids together in Urbana area.I'm happy that we remain in the proposed Urbana Middle area.IMO option B is the best option among all the initial concepts and options. Option B can solve the long term
utilization but option A is just short sighted.Option B takes too large an area for Windsor Knolls - kids in the south/southwest part of the county will have to be bused long distances instead of going to UMS as they do now. Importantly, the county would have to greatly improve the 355/75 intersection in order for this option to be safe for additional school buses to be crossing back and forth in the heavy morning and afternoon traffic! There have been many accidents
there.No opinionOption B doesn't make much sense by simply looking at the map.option A is what the community needsThe numbers in option B is just better. Although the utilization in option A can reach <100% in option A, but the projected growth will surpass all the redistricting effort and that ultimately lead to another redistricting. While in MS option B, the utilization of all school remains under 100 or close to 100 which is a
much favorable option and educational welfare is enhanced.Option B seems like there are long school bus runs for WKMS.I disagree with draft B as it moves 18 children from my area to a different middle school. I am for keeping
option A.No additional thoughts on Option A and B.Nopeoption ANaThank you so much for listening to the Villages of Urbana/Urbana Highlands residents in regards to the
surveys in April. Thank you for keeping us together.Option A will be a disaster for FCPS in the coming yearsNoDraft B allows our kids, who have developed relationships with their classmates through elementary school
to further grow these relationships as they continue to grow into the teen years.No. Both options OK for us.nanNot having a bus will create massive migration.  Need to address efficiency and safety.NoOption A appears to have the best potential to minimize bus and transportation costs.Option B moves my kids for three years away from there friends they got to know for six years. My house is slated to move to Windors Knolls with kids he didn't attend ES with. It is such a small percentage that's goes to Windors Knolls with option B  why move them? Our house was built in the 70's one of the originals to
attend Urbana ES,MS and HS. Why change now?I'm in favor of both optionsI prefer option A because it keeps the community together.I am exceedingly upset about the removal of capacity relief from Urbana Middle School.  In March, we were told that UMS capacity was 900 students.  In June, this has magically expanded to 1020, seemingly to appease a vocal minority of Urbana residents.  I would far rather my children go to a school that is adequately sized and resourced for the student population than to continue to attend overpopulated schools
- even if that means changing schools.  Thanks to this process caving to unreasonable demands, my children
- who have never had the benefit of attending a school that is at 100% or less capacity - will continue to be crowded into a facility not intended to handle the student body.  This is unfair to all students, and particularly to my autistic son who will have to navigate the overcrowded hallways of Urbana Middle
School for the next three years.i love option AA keeps most Urbana togetherGreat improvement over the first draftsShould probably shift more rural areas from Urbana to Windsor Knolls MS. These are all areas for bussing
anyway and would lead to more coherent demographics for both schools.Thanks for taking the feedback that was presented.nanOption B does not provide any utilization relief while impacting twice as many kids. Impact for a reason is understandable but this option does not achieve the intended goal. In addition option B has WKMS
covering a very large area which means long bus rides for the kids.No commentThese options are a VAST improvement over the earlier designs.  Thank you!School bus is importantnanNoNoneOption B does not provide any utilization relief while impacting twice as many kids as Option A. I understand the need to redistrict to reduce overcrowding and realize that some kids are going to be impacted, however the impact has to be towards achieving the goals. In addition option B has WKMS
covering a very large area which means long bus rides for the kids.NoNOnoIf option B addresses issues related to overcrowding in Urbana MS, then option B would be my preference.
However, I do not feel strongly either way.Option B goes all along south boarder and pulls kids to another middle school. A much better.Keep neighborhoods together please! For everyone's sake.