I LOVE that based on the feedback provided at the earlier meetings, you listened to the proximity to schools
criteria.please include Nottingham and Wyndham in option BIt looks like that the Centerville ES and the Sugarloaf ES are only serving their immediate communities. Everyone else in the area are being thrown to the Urbana ES. Urbana ES would rely heavily on buses to get kids to school from all directions in this area, which could be a huge problem. It does not make much sense.
Near proximity does not seem to work here.Option B is not good as children will be split when moving to middle school which is a critical time for
preteens and relationshipsI currently live in planning block 145.  My kindergartener is currently in kindergarten.  If option B goes forward, he would be leaving Centerville (with only a few students from his current schools) and be moved to Urbana.  Then, once he begins middle school, half of those new students that he would have been friends with at Urbana Elementary would be going to Windsor Knolls.  He would only be with a very small amount
of students who switched from Centerville with him.  This option is NOT ideal.Option B makes a ring around the Villages of Urbana/Highlands.  It seems that this option just takes
random neighborhoods and students and puts them together at Urbana Elementary SchoolOption B impacts the GREATEST number of K-5 Students.  This option splits the most middle schools.
Option A is the best choice for the Urbana area.I prefer Option AMy child will be changed from Centerville to Sugarloaf with both of these options.  Since there is no way around it, I would rather Option A.  This will keep students who have to switch out of Centerville to
Sugarloaf with more of their classmates.  This reduces the change that will be happening.My children ride a bus, so given the 2 different options I would rather they go to Sugarloaf since it is a
newer school.Option A makes the most sense.NoneMy house (Shawfield Lane) is in walking distance to Centerville and my kids should be able to walk there
instead of being bussed to Sugarloaf.Seems weird to be taking kids that are walkers to Centerville and making them bus riders. The children who stay at Centerville are going to be bus riders still, so why wouldn't they be the ones continuing to be bussed
to school and leave walkers at Centerville.My son will start kindergarten at Centerville ES for the 2019-20 school year. Presently that school is about a 10 minute walk to the school. Per the proposed boundary maps he will go to a new school Sugarloaf ES after one year of starting school. He will have to be bused. I don't like that he will switch after one year, and I
don't like that he will have to bus when we within walking distance.With Option A my 3 rd child would have to go into 5 th grade to new school for his last year of elementary.
Option B keeps him with in the development and the sand school he has attended since kindergarten.Option A appears to be a better planI LIKE OPTION AOPTION AVillage of Urbana should not be dividedPlease change the maps back to include Shawfield as attending Centerville. This was the case in all 3 of the
original ES maps and should continue to be the case. Please revise Option B.I vote for option AMy kids had previously gone to Centerville.  The change to Urbana ES is ok as long as we are in the same
community.No.Option A is basically initial concept 2 with minimal modification and we do not like itOption B makes no sense. It chops off right in the middle of a neighborhood.In option A, a part of the VOU is going to Sugarloaf elementary after crossing CES. If the map is seen w.r.t
roads, it doesn't make sense for half of the block to go to CES and other half to Sugarloaf.Cutoff for Centerville ES Vs Sugarloaf ES should be based on distanceIt makes absolutely no sense to take children that can walk to one school and ship them across town. Plus
with all the additional housing going in, Sugarloaf and Urbana ES will be overcrowded too.You should be assigned the elementary school that's closer to you and not have to bus it.Option B is not good as children will be split when moving to middle school which is a critical time for
preteens and relationshipsJust want to say thank you for listening to this community and their concerns leading up to the new draft
concepts, option a and b. Thank you for keeping this community together.Option A is the best to keep urbana as one.Please do not pull apart the Highlands neighborhood. Option A is the best, keeping everyone together.I hate that for 1 year my son would have to change schoolsInclude Bg Woods Rd map marker 10 in CES. Let him stay he last year with his friends.I don't believe it's productive to have kids walking miles to Sugarloaf Elementary.We live on penrose street and would be considered walkers to sugarloaf which is almost two miles away...
how can you expect kids to walk that every day? That's unreal.Nooption A my community togetheroption A I moved to Urbana because the schools and to give my children an  education than in other parts
of the state I would not be able to affordOption B is a disaster since it cuts Prospect street off.  It is too far to get to Sugarloaf ESPB 138 would be too far to walk to Sugarloaf ES. If this option is chosen I hope they provide a bus to the
school. We are currently a very short walk to Centerville.If Option B is chosen and my child has to move to Sugarloaf he must get a bus. It would be completely unsafe for him to walk to Sugarloaf from where we currently live on Shawfield Lane. It wound take him 45
mins to walk to school!option A is the most ideal option taking into consideration geography and location to schoolsI do not like option B.   I am in planning block 144 and this options takes jut 3 planning blocks out of the entire centerville population and moves us to Urbana ES.  I have no issue with attending Urbana but it seems unfair to this tiny percentage of students to be seperated from our neighbors and peers. I realize that with 2 of the 3 Urbana Elementary schools being in such close proximity to each other there are some kids that are going to need to go to a school that is further from where they go now.  However, I believe there should be a more equitable split.  Perhaps add the next planning block or 2 over to Urbana as well, and keep a few of the blocks currently slated to Sugarloaf at Urbana (which is essentially what Option A is.  I would love to see a priority of not isolating a small section of any school, which is what option B does for planning blocks 143, 144, and 145. I would even be OK with sending us to sugarloaf instead, since at least we could
stay with more centerville kids.All of the VOU kids will be attending a VOU elementaryStrongly prefer option B.I believe the most important issue is to get CES children out of portables.option A is betterRight now we are currently walkers to CES - BOTH option A and option B put us at Sugarloaf Elem. We live on SPicebush Drive and did a test walk from our house to the school. This is using crosswalks, sidewalks and the light at 355 intersection on Sugarloaf Pkwy. I clocked it WALKING at 2.06 miles for kids. I ASSUME and HOPE that a bus will now be provided to us with this change in ES. That is NOT a safe distance, nor
route for any child to be walking to and from school.Option B would be betterHopefully a bus would be provided for kids redistricted from centerville to sugarloaf (option b). The
walking route is not safe.PLEASE GO WITH OPTION ABoth are AWESOME!B takes a tiny portion of Centerville's population (blocks 143-145) and moves us to a different school than  the rest of the population. We live nowhere near anyone else at Urbana ES. I would like to see either a larger
portion of centerville going to Urbana, or move us to sugarloaf.Pleased with these options.  Hopeful these are the drafts that remain.Both options won't give too much relieve to UES in long run (over 100% utility in 2020, 2021 and 2028). However, option B will give a huge relieve in utilization for CES and the new Sugarloaf ES will not be
saturated as it is important to leave some room for the fast growing neighborhood near Sugarloaf ES.In ES Option A, Centerville ES will remain > 100% utilization in coming years, besides, the projected Oakdale ES utilization will reach 123% within 10 years which is far from ideal. The utilization rate of Option
B is much more balanced between school and the projected growth were taken into accountNonePB137 and PB141 are within the non-transport area of Centerville ES and these PBs should not be removed from Centerville ES boundary in ES DRAFT Option A. These PBs do not have any other roadway to get out of the neighborhood without bypassing Centerville ES. In DRAFT Option A, these two PBs were assigned to Sugarloaf ES which will create a disrupted traffic pattern in the neighborhood and compromise the safety of
school children in the Centerville ES area.No.ES Option A basically old initial concept 2. If you look at the ES option projection, the long term growth has not been taken into account. In contrary, ES option B taken all the community's comment into account and
the projection numbers are way better than option AMy son will be entering 4th grade in the fall.  I want him to stay with the kids he has known since kindergarten and graduate elementary school from Centerville.  I don't want him moved to another elementary school for a year and then to middle school.  It's too much change and he should be allowed to
stay with the friends he has been making for the last 4 years.  I vote OPTION A.In option A, a part of the VOU is going to Sugarloaf elementary after crossing CES. If the map is seen w.r.t
roads, it doesn't make sense for half of the block to go to CES and other half to Sugarloaf.I don't like the fact that we would no longer be a 1/2 mile from elementary school and now will be 2 miles away.  My children have walked and/or rode their bikes to CES which won't be doable to Sugarloaf
elementary.I would prefer option A onlyThese option were NOT what was previously proposed and appeared to have come out of no where. We have been tracking the redistricting conversation from the beginning and none of the options discussed were the current option A/B. Kids should be allowed to stay where they are now with new students
attending the the new schools within the new linesOption A makes better sense for the folks living in the HighlandsI just don't understand the rational behind busing  those who are already walkers.Well done redrafting these!Option B doe not makes sense. There are  still neighborhoods been build and children are going to be move around every so often to accommodate the volume of the school in addition of not been build yet. the
ground is not even open as of today at the construction site.Option AI would prefer option A onlyMy preference is for my child to continue to attend CentervilleThe redistricting of ES is not based on near proximity, particularly for Option B. It's not about the net increase of the number of school buses, but how early/how long do you expect students K-5 to be on buses
on every school day.option B should be for the new communities in process of being developedOption B results in adjacent sections within the Villages of Urbana being sent to different schools.
Centerville is closer than UES for the impacted area.  Therefore, I prefer option A.option B is not practical. the building has not started yet in addition that there is still move communities to
be build that are going to be using the school.nanElementary School DRAFT Option A is not a good option, the capacity relief is only short term and not sustainable. Besides, 3 schools still remain >100% utilization which contradict the whole purpose of the redistricting. Liberty ES Twin Ridge ES has too many students in Option A which will overwhelm their system. Green valley will reach over 120% throughout the years that is far from ideal. In my opinion Option A is definitely a no go. Whereas option B taken care of the long term capacity relief for all schools and the utilization in every school is more balanced. I understand the population in this area is blooming but at least I don't see any school go over 120% utilization over the next 10 years. Besides, the school boundaries is what the community suggested we fully support this option.Less students currently in the Villages of Urbana will be affected by Option B than Option A, therefore
making Option B a better choice for the community. Less is better!Wondering if/how this will impact transportation?  The cropper map shows non-transport zones, which
seems to be different than the current zones.  This is not clear.NopeThey both take kids that are walkers to Centerville and move them to be bus riders to Sugarloaf. This is
antithetical to one of your primary objectives.option a is the bestNaDraft B puts some homes closer to Centerville at the furthest elementary school.Draft A allows our young kids, who are developing relationships with their peers to keep and grow those
relationships as they progress through the early stages of interpersonal relationships building.No. I like Option A.my kids will have to change from walkers to Bus riders. their commute will change from 5 min walk to
significant increase in commuting time.Dislike not having a bus under plan A.Why move boundary if you will have to bus children to all elementary schools when they can walk right now? Addison Woods should not be the line when it is one block from the school yet people that live up top
in VOU will go to Centerville by bus? Makes no sense.I'm in favor of both options.Please consider keeping more students at CES. Please keep students who walk to CES at CES and those who must drive past CES to get to another school at CES.  One option would be to move PB 5, 27 & 26 to UES or
SuES and keep PB 137 and 141 at CES.I live in PB49; as long as my child will be bused to Sugarloaf Elementary in this option, I have no concerns. However, if it's expected that my small child will walk that distance to and from school daily, I will have very serious concerns.  The walk to Centerville is only 1 mile from my house and very reasonable for that age; I'm fine with moving schools, but would expect the county to provide transportation for a walk of that distance at that young age.
Assuming my child would be bused, I'm not sure why there is no option to move the kids who are already bused to Centerville to Sugarloaf/Urbana and make Centerville a school of entirely walkers.Option B moves my child across town passing the closer elementary to get there, resulting in a much longer day, more time on the main roads on a bus (increasing the chances of accidents on the road), and separation
from friends/neighbors in our community since only a few streets will have to switch elementary schoolsplease allowed my children to stay at centervilleA allows kids shortest travel time and provides for closest schoolplease keep the north part of urbana at centerville that is closer to the school and the still developing south
part in the sugarloaf and still devepolping school of urbana ES.In addition to the boundary assignment is much better in DRAFT Option B, the utilization in Option B is
much more balanced and the long-term vision is way better than Option A.A seems to keep a closer geographic area together and keeps us in same schoolWe're glad to see both of these optionsShould still focus on maximizing number of walkers to Centerville ES. Several planning blocks which are in walking zone for Centerville ES will now be in busing zone for Sugarloaf ES. It makes more sense to me to take one or more of the outer planning blocks for Centerville ES (which are already in a busing zone) and switch them to Sugarloaf ES. The difference in busing time would be only several minutes, or even less
given which planning blocks are currently zoned to shift from Centerville to Sugarloaf ES.NoIt may be better to keep all students living in PB137, PB138, or PB141 at Centerville ES.I like option AOption B is ideal as it keeps those in closest proximity to Centerville at Centerville. It allows those of us in the back of the neighborhood to remain together with very clear lines of where the students go.  This option
is best because it will not create additional busing costs for those who are able to walk.As new houses are built (seems to be no stopping this), how will Urbana ES not become horribly
overcrowded because of the vastness of its attendance area?School Bus is still important for the students.nanNoI understand that not everybody will be happy about both options, but option B is the better among the twoNoneNoI'm upset that we are currently walkers and neither option maintains this option.  I don't understand why students who are already bused are not redirected to another school instead of those of us who have kids
who walk?I think option A is less disruptive by keeping more students at their current schools.  Option B will be a lot movement for students who are entering 5th grade having to switch schools for their last year when they have built relationships and put down roots in one elementary school for the prior 5 years and then they will turn around and move to middle school the following year.  I understand there is never going to be a perfect time for this, but my son will be one of those 5th graders if option B is chosen and I do not think the welfare of this group of students is being considered.  I understand that the current principal of CES will be
the new principal of UES, but I do not think that will ease the transition.If these are the only two options, then I prefer option A. But, I'm hoping the district will modify the boundaries a little more to satisfy concerns related to walking/biking and sustainability in general. I think the Sugarloaf attendance area in option A should be extended Northwest into the more rural areas, and some families in the Villages (along Charterhouse and Belvedere) should be put in the Centerville
attendance area (again, because they can walk or bike to Centerville, but likely not to Sugarloaf).Voting for Option B. Option A is not well thought out.B changes/disrupts a lot of current boundaries.I don't understand why both options are so different from the 3 original options. It's very upsetting to see such drastic changes from one set of options to the other. It makes me wonder what caused such large
changes.