Nothing!!! Keep Landsdale at UHS.Stinks. You placed Landsdale in the least popular zone. You did not respect our initial survey results and
thoughts. You have an already determined agenda; that much has been made clear this week.See aboeLinganore is a new builder and I;ve heard good things about iI think Lake Linganore is a good school, but is not the appropriate school for our neighborhood based on
proximity. Also, the roads to get there from Landsdale seem very dangerous for massive school transit.Nothing. Originally we had 3 possible options, two of which kept our two students at Urbana HS. And now we have 2 possible options with neither one keeping them there? Don't tell me all the schools are good, we know that. But you're going to be uprooting two straight-A students who love their school, their friendships they cultivated, and who play on the schools sports teams and force them to go to another school which is farther away. This is pure crap. And when you look at the map (we live in Landsdale, just down Fingerboard Road from UHS), our neighborhood has been carved out of the Urbana district to be included into the Linganore district. WHY?!?! There are folks further away from Urbana (Kemptown, Green Valley,
etc) who could be sent up to Linganore. Look, I know this comes with a growing community, but it doesn't mean I have to be happy about it. This is just crap. My kids desperately want to remain at Urbana HS.Love it!NothingHow did we go from three draft options with two showing Landsdale staying with Urbana.  Then all voting suggested agreement with either of those two plans.  Now we have two new plans neither of which show Landsdale going to Urbana; the by far closest school.  There are unsafe roads and a much longer distance for
our community to go to Linganore.no opinionsupport this option bc it keeps the majority of KES students going to UHSmy children will be in the same school that they have started; my before and aftercare providers will be able
to still help my children, and they will not be psychologically stressgreatOption B is less appealing than Option A.Nothingmakes sensebetter split of WKMS kids who will feed into separate high schoolsGoodI don't like it since we are changing from Urbana HSHigh School option, I am happy with either wayKeeps Urbana together and not as over crowded.I prefer option B for the high schoolGood Option Thank youNothing.These options are the same for us either way, and I am fine with that.No changes for us from our current options -so happy to stay in the neighborhood schoolnothingNo issuesIt minimizes the impact on neighborhoods and keeps communities together. This by far is the best option.That it no longer includes Lansdale at UHS, which is only 1/3 built and would cause even more
overcrowding at an already overcrowded high school.It keeps more students who attended KES and WKMS together.This option allows my 3 children to all attend the same high school together as siblings should do.Same as option ASame as option AMy kids stay at UrbanaIt keeps everyone together.Nothing - moves children completely from UrbanaLike eitherIt keeps the whole Urbana area together.No opinion. It doesn't change for us.FineIt more evenly splits population across the 3 HS.Nothing, We live in the Lansdale community and would like to keep Urbana High as our high school optionI do not like that he will be switched to Twin Ridge for elementary, and then won't even go to Linganore
with any of those kids.Works again because all my kids could walk or bike to schoolKeep kids in the neighborhood in the same schoolOriginal HS selection that we bought our house in it's location for.naKeeps Urbana togetherNothing at allI like that it includes a further reach of students currently at UHS to remain there (those toward Penn Shop
Rd)EVERYTHINGEVERYTHINGLandsdale should go to Urbana HSNo concerns as my kids stay at Urbana which is walking distance from my home.Love this option. It impacts the fewest number of high schoolers right before graduation. A large percentage of Green Valley ES is already districted to LHS so it is smart to move Landsdale since they are within that already established feeder. I like that the KES feeder neighborhoods on Kemptown Church Rd & Rt 80 will
remain part of the UHS feeder pattern as they have been since UHS opened.It keeps my children in Urbana.Our kids do, and will continue to attend Urbana HS which is our local high school.Don't like it - it does not relieve any pressure for Urbana HS.I don't prefer itI like both of themConsistency across neighboring areasit keeps all Urbana students in UHS.No commentNothingI like that it is the closest high school out of the three and will allow my kids to participate in school events.High schools seem to be pushing the capacity.Not muchIF PB 179 was kept at KES, a complete feeder pattern would exist for all of the KES district.B takes schools overcapacity which leads to many issuesI do not like anything about this option.AI don't like itDislikeEverything ! Thumbs up FCPSNothingI like that my children will go to Urbana HS which is close to home.That we attend UHSOkI like both options.All Urbana kids in Urbana.Same as ANothingnothingnoIt shrinks the Urbana HS size a little smallerNothing - our community was removed from Urbana HS and moved to a HS where our children should
expect a less robust education.No opinion.A and b look the same for usThis option is OKMy kids would attend the same HS.We stay at same walkable high schoolNothing, it singles out Landsdale and force our kids to go to a HS that is farther away.Utilization of Urbana High is stabilized in long termThis is not a good option for kids due to traffic issues and road conditions. I would suggest developing good roads and traffic conditions to Linganore school, before changing the Landsdale area to be included in LHS zone. I would prefer keeping Landsale community to UHS as option that I do not see in both A and B
optionsIf ES Option A is selected than this would keep all of KES together through high school.I'm fine with itKeeps my kids in a close school.Provides at least some short term capacity to UHS while keeping those that live in close proximity to the HS
in the HSI LOVE option B.  Planning block 29.  This option allows for a feeder pattern out of WKMS that is
AMAZING given either of the elementary school options selected.  I am happy that is keeps folks from PB 36, 37, 9, and 179 with us.neutralOption A is betterThis is the option we are pushing for. It keeps the Kemptown kids intact who have been together since elementary school. It is silly to cut back the current Urbana HS boundary line.  I do not want my rising 9th grader, who plans to be active in sports as well, to have to be uprooted and go to Linganore high school in
her 10th grade year. She will have to start all over again.Not affected.nothingI have no preferenceBoth options seem good, with option A slightly better than option B.no opinionGOODNo opinion as neither A/B change the feeders for my area.Same as AGreatUrbana HS-my daughter starts next year and I would like her to continue attending a school after her first
year. I also want her siblings to be with her at Urbana.That we are kept with our community and friendsNeutralUtilization between schools are more balanced in Option B. In addition, the long term growth is well
considered.Keeps everyone in the Urbana Planned Unit Development/Special Property Tax district at the HS.  This is the reason why many live in the PUD to stay in the neighborhood school rather than a adjoining neighborhood school.  Additionally, this is one of the weighted factor in purchasing in the PUD and pay more in taxes.  This plan will not greatly affect the social aspect with the children by separating their
neighborhood friends with in the Urbana PUD.I'm concerned about the commute and property values diminishing.This option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing.  It sends PB 57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 with the same group of children that they have been with since Kindergarten. PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 are aging communities that will have minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the enrollment at UHS
in balance.Not impactedThis also keeps our feeder pattern mostly in tact.NothingUrbana is closerNOTHING. I purchased my home to attend UHS and now this option takes us from the district. Our community isn't huge but we seem to be the target of pulling from one high to another. Linganore is much much further and to be honest somewhat ridiculously far from our actual homes. Not sure why that isn't going into the plans. Travel to and from will be more difficult and doesn't make sense. We bought our homes with a sense of being in one of the best high schools in Frederick county and now we're getting pulled into not one of the best. I'll move before we're hit high school if that's the actual outcome. Very
unhappy.Our voice is heard and the new HS option B incorporated community's suggestion. Well done FCPS.N/aNo opinion.Nothingit keeps all Urbana students in UHS.It keeps a diverse area at UHS      opportunities to meet more people from outside of Urbana which has been
very beneficial.goodIt maintains the continuity of students from KES all staying together from K through 12th.I'm advocating for KES to stay together K - 12.I like This option because it allows my last daughter to finish up her Senior year at Urbana High with all her friends from Elementary and Middle School.  WE lived in the Villages of Urbana for 10 years before moving
to Monrovia.Nothing see above. Why was the UHS option removed unilaterally. If necessary divide Landsdale into those
who want to attend LHS and those who want to remain at UHS.Makes SenseI hate this option because it zones my children to attend Linganore High School.  The main reason we moved to the Landsdale community was for my kids to have the opportunity to attend Urbana High School. We are much closer to Urbana HS which is more highly rated and substantially more demographically- diverse than LHS. We are more a part of the Urbana community than we are of the Linganore area community North of US 70.  We visit the Urbana community daily. We never visit the Linganore area. I am very upset that we are being sacrificed to please the more politically powerful residents of Urbana. My wife
and I will vote against the policy makers who are letting this re-destricting happen.nanno thoughtsok with high school draftHS Option B
This option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing.  It sends PB 57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 with the same group of children that they have been with since Kindergarten. PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 are aging communities that will have minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the enrollment at UHS
in balance.Good draft linesthe reason why I moved to Urbananoit works out for all involved and remember Option B neighborhood is an aging neighborhood..goodnanI'm happy that we remain in the proposed Urbana High area.no opinionnanYesThis option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing.  It sends PB 57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 with the same group of children that they have been in a feeder pattern with since Kindergarten. PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 are aging communities that will have minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the
enrollment at UHS in balance.I like that a greater number of students from Windsor Knolls will go to Urbana HS but dislike that  the
utilization is higher for Urbana HS with this optionLess change for Urbana; but may not alleviate enough of the capacity issuesDo not LikeNo opinionNo preference on A or B.do not like this optionNo opinionYour trying  to pour a gallon into a cup build a new high school.!It maximizes adjacent areas of the Villages of Urbana going to the same school.I like how all school's utilization is balanced in HS option B.Close byNothing - it puts Landsdale children at risk on the roadsClose bylove itI don't prefer this Option as we bought our house b/c of Urbana HS. This would move our neighborhood to
LinganoreDO NOT LIKE IT AT ALLKeeps Urbana community in one HS.Keeps kids in neighborhoods who have been going to school together for long number of years together.This option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing. It sends PB57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 with the same group of children that they have been with since Kindergarten. PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 are aging
communities that will have minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the enrollment at UHS in balance.No opinionI like both options, although if I could pick I would select option A.This option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing. It sends PB57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 with the same group of children that they have been with since Kindergarten. PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 are aging communities that will have minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the enrollment at UHS in
balance.This option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing. It sends PB57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 with the same group of children that they have been with since Kindergarten. PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 are aging communities that will have minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the enrollment at UHS in balance.NuetralNothing - they go against two of your three previous plans that kept Landsdale at UHS.This option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing. It sends PB57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 with the same group of children that they have been with since Kindergarten. PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 are aging communities that will have minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the enrollment at UHS in
balance.No opinionNothing, Urbana HS is way better that Linganore HS and changing it is not a good option for our kids.
Landsdale Community should stay with Urbana HS!This option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing. It sends PB57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 with the same group of children that they have been with since Kindergarten. PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 are aging communities that will have minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the enrollment at UHS in
balance.No much difference was seen between Option B and Option A.Keeps my kids with the majority of their current elementary and middle school feeder pattern.  Impacts
fewer HS students than option A.Minimizes amount of future redistricting, by pushing areas of high expected development / growth towards schools like LHS that has the capacity to handle the growth. If we go with option A, the expected future growth of the UHS population will quickly return UHS to overcrowded conditions, and trigger the
need for yet another redistricting that would be unnecessarily disruptive.No opinionPB179 remains in the UHS district.  Impacts fewer students.  Lower utilization rates for 2 of 3 HS.I like that our property (12345 Fingerboard Rd) and Manorwood remain in the Urbana HS district.No opinionI don't like neither option. Both option A and B are moving our community (Lansdale) to Linganore HS with the hope to relief Urbana HS high enrollment. Both projection shows that Urbana will keep running at capacity and go over capacity since the first year of implementation. The redistricting of High School boundaries is not solving the problem for Urbana overcapacity and it is not relieving Urbana HS not even for few years. Since there are no plans in the next 8 years of expanding capacity at Urbana High or building a new High school the problem is only pushed away for at the expense of the families that are currently leaving in the Urbana HS boundaries. Linganore HS is about 20 to 25 minutes away compared to Urbana which is 5 minutes away connected via US 80 (a very safe route for families and young drivers). Linganore HS is rated much lower than Urbana on both state and national level. The lower rating of Linganore HS is the real reason of lower enrolment. I understand the new developments are presenting challenges that are hard to address but the school district has been using Linganore High to park students until a new High School was built, instead of planning ahead along with the county to ensure schools have enough space when new communities are approved. The feeling is that developers and builders are using the high rated schools to concentrate the new communities and reach high numbers of sale. But families pay the
consequences of finding themselves redistricting to schools that they would not have chosen.I want HS option B!  Thank you for that choice! I like that our kids (SamHill Estates, Lomar Drive) will continue to go to HS with their friends.  It is at Urbana HS in this option and I was grateful we had a real option this time that we can make work!  It is very upsetting that these kids that have been together in school, community, and sports would otherwise have been split from all of their friends to be moved to Linganore HS after so many years (although which HS is not an issue for me, I only care that the kids/ communities stay together). I am so happy that this option B keeps Samhill and Lomar drive at Urbana HS. I would like to see all of KES continue together through HS!  It is SO important. These are people/ kids, not
lines!I am very happy with this option as it keeps our KES family together.  It is the ONLY option we can
consider for Samhill, Manorwood and surrounding community.  We thank you for this option!We stay at UrbanaWill not likely matter as will be redistricted again due to growth in Urbana and Ijamsville in the next 5 yearsThis option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing. It sends PB57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 with the same group of children that they have been with since Kindergarten. PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 are aging communities that will have
minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the enrollment at UHS in balanceIt is greatKeeps Urbana kids at Urbana HSTerribleThat we would go to Urbana with the group of kids that we would attend middle school with.No opinionI love Option B.  It keeps the entire current Kemptown Elm school community together at Urbana HighNothingI reject option BNothingOHS is a great school.Spreads the number of students more evenlyNo opinionLooks good to meOption B have the long term vision for FCPS long term development.Like it.Same as above.No opinionAgain, I greatly appreciate that our concerns were listened to, and that the new neighborhood of PB 57 are
being sent to Linganore rather than established, further away, communities in South county.Options A and B are fairly similarcommunities are not divided, location to home, kids will not be speeding to get to school on time having
less car accidents, being closer to home with school starting so early, communities not being dividedThis option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing.  It sends PB 57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 with the same group of children that they have been in a feeder pattern with since Kindergarten. PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 are aging communities that will have minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the
enrollment at UHS in balance.Maintains the students in Green Valley area feeding into the closer Urbana HSNo commentDistribution makes more senseNo opinionSchool close to home. No change.dislikeThat is makes our community whole again.No happy at all because several consideration are not taken into account.stay in UHthis option allows my
high school sophmore  to complete her years at Urbana.Going to close school!I like that the Lansdale development is going north of I-70.  I don't like that Rattlewood is split.  It should all
be Oakdale or Linganore.  Not split in half.FineI like Option B - it keeps all the current students from Windsor Knolls HS together through graduation. My Urbana HS student is in the IB program and it would be a huge help for for him to have bus transportation
to UHS through at least 2021.goodThat all of the children in the Villages will stay together and my child can walk safely to school.no commentFine it's the same schoolIt keeps all the children who live in Urbana together.Like this option as we would continue to feed to UrbanaThere is nothing I like about an option that has UHS at 122% capacity by the time my rising 7th grader is a
freshman, while OHS is at 84%.Keeps my children at UrbanaThis plan is the best option at the HS level.  Option B provides a better balance to utilization of all HS within the study while providing for further growth.  This option minimizes feeder splits and creates better
continuity for students as they progress from elementary school to high school within our area.Like itnoNot preferred.  See comments above.I like option B because it keeps all the Kemptown kids together and my family as been an Urbana Hawks
supporter/graduate since 2003.Nothing. Urbana High school, for many years, has been listed as the best/ # 1 high school in Frederick county so, most people with kids moved to the Landsdale area for their kids to attend or eventually attend Urbana High. This makes the redistricting feels like a bait and switch when it come to our kids' education !
Very disappointing and upsetting !We go to UrbanaA and B both keep villages of Urbana togetherGreen Valley Subdivision remains part of Urbana HS which makes most sense logistically. And there are very few high school aged students in this neighborhood at any given year.
Additionally Kemptown Subdivision remains part of Urbana HS which makes more sense than switching them to Linganore HS. Does a decent job of addressing overcrowding at Urbana HS by redistricting
Landsdale Subdivision.No opinionWould prefer this option.  This keeps my kids in the Urbana feed which is what they were brought up in all
thier lives.This option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing. It sends PB57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 with the same group of children that they have been with since Kindergarten. PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 are aging communities that will have minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the enrollment at UHS in
balance.Keeps us at Ubana HSUrbana HS boundary is slightly more compact than current one, lessening potential for overcrowdingMeets the following criteria: keeps communities together and proximity of schools.Option B Impacts fewer HS students than Option A.  (Option A/193) (Option B/152)  Moreover, in Option B the impact burden is more equally distributed between Oakdale High School and Urbana High School. Since both OHS and UHS populations contribute to the population growth, it is fair that both schools share
the burden of impact.Both plans make sense for my area.NothingSee aboveI can see the areas and less changes are having to be madeI am glad that my kids can go to UHSLong term balance of utilizationIt keeps our children in the same schools as the kids they will have gone to Elementary and Middle.No opinionNo commentFor my street A & B would be the sameBoth of these options are excellent and take into account the priority of having a community high school.That PB 167 and most of the current Kemptown students attend UHS.  This makes sense over new, planned
communities, which are in closer proximity to Linganore than us.None.We will stay  in Urbana high school.Good. No change for my kidNothingN.a.Our neighborhood remains In Urbana HS and doesn't change or uproot the strong alliance we've had with
the Hawks.That we stay at Urbana HS and maintains most of the WKMS feeder pattern- it would keep more kids
together who went to Elem and middle schoolThe utilization in 2028 is more balanced in Option B as compared to Option A.  This better distribution of
students will allow the county to better manage the over capacity of the schools.No opinionThis option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing.  It sends PB 57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 with the same group of children that they have been in a feeder pattern with since Kindergarten. PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 are aging communities that will have minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the
enrollment at UHS in balance.Urbana kids stay at Urbana schools!!Why was Landsdale removed when there is no benefit to the school or county?  Keep Landsdale at Urbana
high school.Keep Kemptown together.Keeps things as is for HSI like that it looks at the future.There is nothing that I like about the High School DRAFT Option BNo opinionIt is okayI like that PB 179 and PB 9 remain together and attend Urbana. I do not like the feeder pattern from ES option B that sends PB 179 to twin ridge but then ultimately Urbana. I am ok with this option as long as the ES options are modified to keep PB 179 at Kemptown and with other kids that will be in their feeder
pattern.My children can walk to school and have access to advanced coursesGoodMore of KES stays together Elementary through high school .I don't like it since I will lose Urbana HSOption B:  Impacts fewer HS students than Option A.  (Option A/193) (Option B/152)  Moreover, in Option B the impact burden is more equally distributed between Oakdale High School and Urbana High School.
Since both OHS and UHS populations contribute to the population growth, it is fair that both schools share
the burden of impact.This appears to be the better of the two HS options providing the longest term population relief for all three
high schools in consideration.It allows more current UHS students to attend. (Once again, just because I personally like this does not
mean it's best for the county as a whole, as it's probably not.)I like that my children and all of Urbana will stay together.No opinionOption B:  Impacts fewer HS students than Option A.  (Option A/193) (Option B/152)  Moreover, in Option B the impact burden is more equally distributed between Oakdale High School and Urbana High School.
Since both OHS and UHS populations contribute to the population growth, it is fair that both schools share the burden of impact.
1.  High School Utilization Statistics – Lower Utilization %s under Option B for 2 out of 3 HS:
Under Option B, Oakdale HS shows 6% lower utilization than Option A, and Linganore HS shows 3% lower utilization than Option A.
2.  High School Projections: Total Option Projections are lower by 5% in two of the last three projected years under Option B..
Projected Enrollment Percentages are lower in 2025 by 2%, 2028 by 3%.
3. High School Enrollment: Total 9-12 Estimated Enrollment is lower for 2 out of 3 HS under Option B: Under Option B, Oakdale HS and Linganore HS show lowered estimated enrollments:
LHS (Option A/1529) (Option B/1488)
OHS (Option A/1293) (Option B/1196)
In addition, in comparing 2018-2019 9-12 enrollment with the estimated enrollment under Option A and B, Option B lowers enrollment for Oakdale HS more and shows less increased enrollment for Linganore High School under Option B:
2018/2019 9-12 Estimated Enrollment OHS 1293 (Option A/1291) (Option B/1194)No answerI do not have strong opinions about option B, as very little is being changed with the boundary.This option makes the most sense and should be adopted in its entirety. As indicated by Mr Cropper, this option impacts the fewest number of children while still alleviating any potential future overcrowding and having no additional impact on bussing.  It sends PB 57 to LHS (with the majority of the GVES feeder pattern) while keeping the established communities in PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 with the same group of children that they have been in a feeder pattern with since Kindergarten. PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 are aging communities that will have minimal future growth, therefore helping to keep the
enrollment at UHS in balance.That Landsdale was considered to go to Linganore vs the smaller more developed neighborhood. Landsdale can be developed further where current mature neighborhoods have no where to build on allowing them to
same size and going to Urbana.Option B: Impacts fewer HS students than Option A. (Option A/193) (Option B/152) Moreover, in Option B the impact burden is more equally distributed between Oakdale High School and Urbana High School. Since both OHS and UHS populations contribute to the
population growth, it is fair that both schools share the burden of impact.Option B keeps most of the students who are currently districted for  UHS staying at UHS.  This is the best option for an already divided community.  This option looks like there were compromises to making the
best outcome for the students.Like it - not a lot of change from current.This one is acceptable.No opinion