Nothing!!! Keep Landsdale at UHS.Stinks. You placed Landsdale in the least popular zone. You did not respect our initial survey results and
thoughts. You have an already determined agenda; that much has been made clear this week.I am very unhappy with the drafts for the high school.  They were changed quick drastically from the previous drafts.  Landsdale- like it or not is a large community.  Our children will now have to ride a bus longer and will have to sit in traffic as the road infrastructure is not up to par with traveling with the number of children that will need to be bused to school.  Is the county planning on fixing Ed McClean road so buses can travel on it?  Will lights be put in so left hand turns can be made safely from Ed McClean onto Fingerboard road?  Will the lights be fixed so left hand turns can be made from Fingerboard road to 75?
The students will be forced to sit and wait on lights, travel on buses longer due to the change from Urbana High School to Lingadore High School.  The county needs to work together to help with these problems.  I know people in Monrovia are not happy about Landsdale, it is very evident in the previous survey and in the RALE community. Unfortunately, Landsdale and its occupants are not going anywhere and the community is going to get larger.  At some point, Monrovia is going to have to accept this.  As a community, we want to work to create an environment where everyone can work together.  Changes in life happen- elected officials need to work together- the school board and the county planners to fix the infrastructure  so children can travel safely to and from school.
I understand the need to changing the feeder programs as schools are at capacity, but I am struggling with the county's lack of planning to continue to plan. The powerpoint slides state this will only help in the short term.   The county needs to continue to consider long term plans and it can't continue to be we'll get to it.
Frederick is a large growing area, please consider the safety of my child and the other children in my
neighborhood as our plan continues to put them in harms way.Linganore is a new builder and I;ve heard good things about itI think Lake Linganore is a good school, but is not the appropriate school for our neighborhood based on
proximity. Also, the roads to get there from Landsdale seem very dangerous for massive school transit.Nothing. Originally we had 3 possible options, two of which kept our two students at Urbana HS. And now we have 2 possible options with neither one keeping them there? Don't tell me all the schools are good, we know that. But you're going to be uprooting two straight-A students who love their school, their friendships they cultivated, and who play on the schools sports teams and force them to go to another school which is farther away. This is pure crap. And when you look at the map (we live in Landsdale, just down Fingerboard Road from UHS), our neighborhood has been carved out of the Urbana district to be included into the Linganore district. WHY?!?! There are folks further away from Urbana (Kemptown, Green Valley,
etc) who could be sent up to Linganore. Look, I know this comes with a growing community, but it doesn't mean I have to be happy about it. This is just crap. My kids desperately want to remain at Urbana HS.Love it!NothingHow did we go from three draft options with two showing Landsdale staying with Urbana.  Then all voting suggested agreement with either of those two plans.  Now we have two new plans neither of which show Landsdale going to Urbana; the by far closest school.  There are unsafe roads and a much longer distance for
our community to go to Linganore.no opinioncontinue to NOT support this option due to KES families being switched to UESmy children will be in the same school that they have started; my before and aftercare providers will be able
to still help my children, and they will not be psychologically stressFeeder patterngreatI like Option A.Closest to home affording walking not drivingmakes senseGoodI don't like it since we are changing from Urbana HSHigh School option, I am happy with either wayNot much - way too over crowdedGood Option Thank youNothing.These options are the same for us either way, and I am fine with that.No changes for us from our current options -so happy to stay in the neighborhood schoolnothingNo issuesIt really keeps communities together. I appreciate the time and effort put into planning this option.That it no longer includes Lansdale at UHS, which is only 1/3 built and would cause even more overcrowding at an already overcrowded high school. It's also smaller in general and doesn't include some
of the Windsor Knolls/Kemptown area which is also good.ProximityProximityMy kids stay at UrbanaNothing  - moves children completely from UrbanaLike eitherIt keeps the whole Urbana area together.No opinion. It doesn't change for us.FineNothingNothing, We live in the Lansdale community and would like to keep Urbana High as our high school optionI like that my son will go to LinganoreWorks great again kids can walk or bike homeKeep kids in the neighborhood in the same schoolnothing.It provides relief to Urbana High school- even if temporarynaKeeps Urbana togetherNothing at allIt returns those 18 kids to their community HSEVERYTHINGEVERYTHINGLandsdale should go to Urbana HSNo concerns as my kids stay at Urbana which is walking distance from my home.Moves too many children out of UHS & into LHS. Divides up the KES feeder pattern when these kids have been in school together for 10+ yrs.  The neighborhoods off Rt 80 (Manorwood/Sam Hill/Skyview) & Kemptown Church Rd neighborhoods are established neighborhoods that are decreasing in size and will not add to the overcrowding at UHS. It's smart to move Landsdale to LHS because of the projected growth
in that area since it is a new neighborhood with lots of younger families.It keeps my children in Urbana.Our kids do, and will continue to attend Urbana HS which is our local high school.It will relieve some pressure for Urbana HS.I like that it brings the Linganore border down southI like both of themI don'tit keeps all Urbana students in UHS.No commentClosest to home affording walking not drivingI like that it is the closest high school out of the three and will allow my kids to participate in school events.Reduces overcrowding.  I like that the kids go to Linganore and that it is not overcrowded.It keeps most schools under capacity.  Urbana is over capacity and I would rather not send my child there.At least half of KES will maintain a WKMS-LHS feeder pattern. PB 179 remains with neighboring
communities (the original PB from the Concepts stage).It keeps Linganore slightly under capacity.it keeps all of urbana in one community , the foundation of the urbana community is One Team. We are one
and don't want to be separatedI do not like anything about this option.AIt keeps my community and our neighborhood children together. This is the main reason that we bought in
this community.Keeping the community together. Least disruption to student and their educational well being.Keep Option ANO NO NOKeeps Urbana togetherProximityI like that my children will go to Urbana HS which is close to home.That we attend UHSOkI like both optionsAll Urbana kids in Urbana.Keeps Urbana students togetherKeeps Urbana as one UrbanaKeeps urbana kids togetherthe reason of moving to Urbanafor my childrenIt shrinks the Urbana HS size a little smallerNothing - our community was removed from Urbana HS and moved to a HS where our children should
expect a less robust education.No opinion.A and b look the same for usThis option is OKProximity to our houseI like that option A gives a little more relief to Urbana HSMy kids would attend the same HS.Staying at same walkable high schoolNothing, it singles out Landsdale and force our kids to go to a HS that is farther away.I do not supprt High School DRAFT Option AThis is not a good option for kids due to traffic issues and road conditions. I would suggest developing good roads and traffic conditions to Linganore school, before changing the Landsdale area to be included in LHS zone. I would prefer keeping Landsale community to UHS as option that I do not see in both A and B
optionsI like that we are fully surrounded by other LHS families. We are currently on the outskirts of OHS
boundary and surrounded by LHS familes.geographically this makes the most senseI'm fine with itKeeps my kids in a close school.Provides at least some short term capacity to UHS while keeping those that live in close proximity to the HS
in the HSI hate option A.  As someone in planning block 29, this one is awful.  I guess it depends which Elementary School option is selected...but if it is one where PB 29 goes to Kemptown, then this puts the split at WKMS so skewed that very few kids would go to Urbana HS - basically no feeder pattern for them.  If it is option A for ES that is selected, this option for HS is less terrible.  However, for PB 29, this is not my preferred option
for high school.  I like that PB 29 is still Urbana HS because it is closer than Linganore HS.neutralKeeping the kids residing in Urbana. I work 40 miles away. If my child misses the bus they could still walk
home. If we are bussed out of the neighborhood this would no longer be an option.nothingNot affected.option A seems to be better for everyone in Urbana-particularly the absurdly tiny fraction of kids who
would be moved to Windsor Knolls from urbana MSI have no preferenceBoth options seem good, with option A slightly better than option B.no opinionGOODNo opinion as neither A/B change the feeders for my area.It's great! Keeps the surrounding neighborhoods together.It's greatThat we are kept with our community and friendsNeutralI oppose HS Option AKeeps everyone in the Urbana Planned Unit Development/Special Property Tax district at the HS.  This is the reason why many live in the PUD to stay in the neighborhood school rather than a adjoining neighborhood school.  Additionally, this is one of the weighted factor in purchasing in the PUD and pay more in taxes.  This plan will not greatly affect the social aspect with the children by separating their
neighborhood friends with in the Urbana PUD.I'm concerned about the commute and property values diminishing.I like that PB 57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB 57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB 57 attends GVES where the majority of
GVES already goes to LHS.Not impactedThis keeps our feeder pattern mostly in tact.NothingNOTHING. I purchased my home to attend UHS and now this option takes us from the district. Our community isn't huge but we seem to be the target of pulling from one high to another. Linganore is much much further and to be honest somewhat ridiculously far from our actual homes. Not sure why that isn't going into the plans. Travel to and from will be more difficult and doesn't make sense. We bought our homes with a sense of being in one of the best high schools in Frederick county and now we're getting pulled into not one of the best. I'll move before we're hit high school if that's the actual outcome. Very
unhappy.I don't agree with HS Option AWe will stay at Urbana high schoolN/aNo opinion.Option A puts us at Linganore High which is only 81% full right now. This option excites us because
Urbana is a great school, but extremely overcrowded.The kids get to stay in the Urbana school systemOption A appears to have less students at Urbana HS which is my preference.it keeps all Urbana students in UHS.It addresses overcrowding at UHS, but not certain how much.goodNothing, UHS is our current school, no need to change to a school that is twice the distance, lower rated academically. The redistricting should be based on geographic location, making kids travel twice the
distance, over one of the most congested and dangerous intersections in Frederick County is irresponsible.Makes SenseI hate this option because it zones my children to attend Linganore High School.  The main reason we moved to the Landsdale community was for my kids to have the opportunity to attend Urbana High School. We are much closer to Urbana HS which is more highly rated and substantially more demographically- diverse than LHS.  We are more a part of the Urbana community than we are of the Linganore area community North of US 70.  We visit the Urbana community daily. We never visit the Linganore area. I am very upset that we are being sacrificed to please the more politically powerful residents of Urbana. My wife
and I will vote against the policy makers who are letting this re-destricting happen.We stay at Urbana HSno thoughtsOk with high school draftHS Option A
I like that PB 57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB 57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB 57 attends GVES where the majority of
GVES already goes to LHS.Good draft linesthe reason why I moved to UrbanayesAgain, they are the same for us.I absolutely oppose Option A and Option B.  These options take my kids out of the Urbana HS feeding pattern and them going to Linganore High School.  Linganore is further away and not as good of a school. Options A and B show the complete laziness of this redistricting effort.  Did you even consider and
alternative where Landsdale kids could go to Urbana??  I'm very disappointed.goodlike AI'm happy that we remain in the proposed Urbana High area.no opinionnanNoI like that PB 57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB 57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB 57 attends GVES where the majority of
GVES already goes to LHS.I like that the utilization is lowest for Urbana HS with this option but dislike that a lower number of
students from Windsor Knolls will go to Urbana HSSeems to alleviate more of the capacity issues at Urbana HSDo not LikeNo opinionNo preference on A or B.Urbana HSeverythingNo opinionYour trying to pour a gallon into a cup build a new high school!It maximizes adjacent areas of the Villages of Urbana going to the same school.Option A just doesn't make sense, the utilization of Urbana HS will exceed 100% in just one year after re-
districting and the numbers keep growing.Love the school and would like to stay Urbana High SchoolNothing - it puts Landsdale children at risk on the roadsLove the school and would like to stay Urbana High Schoollove itI don't prefer this Option as we bought our house b/c of Urbana HS. This would move our neighborhood to
LinganoreDO NOT LIKE IT AT ALLKeeps Urbana community in one HS.PB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to
LHS.No opinionI like this option.PB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to
LHS.PB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to
LHS.LinganoreNuetralNothing - they go against two of your three previous plans that kept Landsdale at UHS.PB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to
LHS.No opinionNothing, Urbana HS is way better that Linganore HS and changing it is not a good option for our kids.
Landsdale Community should stay with Urbana HS!Keep Urbana togetherPB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to LHS.Very glad to see the Option A overs the students from its sounding areas making them spend less time on
the school bus, or making it possible for more students to walk to school.Nothing.No opinionUnknownI like that the Lansdale development falls in Linganore HS district in both option A and B.No opinionkeeps Urbana togetherI don't like neither option. Both Option A and B are moving our community (Lansdale) to Linganore HS with the hope to relief Urbana HS high enrollment. Both projection shows that Urbana will keep running at capacity and go over capacity since the first year of implementation. The redistricting of High School boundaries is not solving the problem for Urbana overcapacity and it is not relieving Urbana HS not even for few years. Since there are no plans in the next 8 years of expanding capacity at Urbana High or building a new High school the problem is only pushed away for at the expense of the families that are currently leaving in the Urbana HS boundaries. Linganore HS is about 20 to 25 minutes away compared to Urbana which is 5 minutes away connected via US 80 (a very safe route for families and young drivers). Linganore HS is rated much lower than Urbana on both state and national level. The lower rating of Linganore HS is the real reason of lower enrolment. I understand the new developments are presenting challenges that are hard to address but the school district has been using Linganore High to park students until a new High School was built, instead of planning ahead along with the county to ensure schools have enough space when new communities are approved. The feeling is that developers and builders are using the high rated
schools to concentrate the new communities and reach high numbers of sale. But families pay the consequences of finding themselves redistricting to schools that they would not have chosen.I do NOT like option ATerrible option.This sends us to Linganore, which we were originally districted for Urbana.Will not likely matter as will be redistricted again due to growth in Urbana and Ijamsville in the next 5 yearsPB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends
GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to LHS.It is perfectKeeps Urbana kids at Urbana HSTerribleI am not in favor as it moves us to Linganore after being with the kemptown/Windsor knolls groupNo opinionIt keeps everyone togetherI like that most of the established Urbana High students will remain at Urbana High.  I like that PB 57 is being sent to Linganore (a new community without established ties to Urbana's community), as opposed to the established South County communities (which would have a burdensome long commute to Linganore
High)NothingI reject option ANothing.  Blatant move to have one community removed from UHSWe would be moved out of the OHS district and into the LHS district. Linganore is a great school.geographically more compacteveryythingNo opinionLooks good to meNot like. It impacts most high school students and not provides utilization balance among the schools in
long term.Landsdale is now at Linganore which makes a lot of sense.No opinionI like that most of the established Urbana High students will remain at Urbana High.  I like that PB 57 is being sent to Linganore (a new community without established ties to Urbana's community), as opposed to the established South County communities (which would have a burdensome long commute to Linganore
High)Options A and B are fairly similarnothingI like that PB 57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB 57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB 57 attends GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to
LHS.Maintains the students in the SE (GV) part of area feeding into Urbana HSNo commentLess overcrowdingNo opinionSchool close to home. No change.dislikeThat is makes our community whole again.No happy at all because several consideration are not taken into account.stay in UHi do not like this optionMakes more sense to be at Urbana HS.  It's closer and a safer drive.Going to close school!I like that the Lansdale development is going north of I-70.  I love that Windsor Knolls neighborhood will
stay in UHS.  That's why I've invested as much as I have to live there.FineI do not like Option A - my Urbana HS student is in the IB program and it would be a major inconvenience
for me to have to drive him to school if bus transportation is not providedgoodThat all of the children in the Villages will stay together and my child can walk safely to school.Maximize walkers and minimize bus costsI like both options for HSFineIt keeps all the children who live in Urbana together.Do not like as we would not longer feed to UrbanaThere is nothing I like about an option that has UHS at 114% capacity by the time my rising 7th grader is a
freshman while LHS is at 82%.Keeps my children at UrbanaNothing- this plan does not address needs of the schools or the communities involved as a whole.Like itoption AThis is preferred.  The population density in the UHS area will only get worse.  LHS is easily accessible and
a good school.I don't care for this option. Part of the Kemptown Cluster should not be split.Nothing ! Urbana High school, for many years, has been listed as the best/ # 1 high school in Frederick county so, most people with kids moved to the Landsdale area for their kids to attend or eventually attend Urbana High. This makes the  redistricting feels like a bait and switch when it come to our kids' education !
Very disappointing and upsetting !NothingA keeps villages of Urbana together as well as BGreen Valley Subdivision remains part of Urbana HS which makes most sense logistically. And there are very few high school aged students in this neighborhood at any given year. Does a decent job of addressing
overcrowding at Urbana HS by redistricting Landsdale Subdivision.No opinionwould not prefer this option - will have a rising 11th grader and incoming 9th grader.  They have always been in the Urbana feeding pattern.  I know WKMS splits now and my incoming 9th grader would be ok with Linganore, but my rising 11th grader would prefer to stay at Urbana.  I would not prefer to have 2 kids
in different high schoolsPB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to
LHS.Keeps us at Ubana HSUrbana HS boundary is more compact, encompassing fewer current home, and more importantly fewer
future homes, lessening potential for overcrowdingBoth options are linganoreMeets the following criteria: keeps communities together and proximity of schools.PB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to LHS.
Allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students.  PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been
an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.Both plans makes sense for my area.NothingMy children will be going to Urbana high.I am disappointed to see that Landsdale was moved out of Urbana High School's zone. The roads leading
from Landsdale to Linganore High School are a huge safety concern.I can't see A as the coloring is off around the Kemp town area. Are we looking at the outline or colors?I am glad that my kids can go to UHSImmediate reliefDoes not seem like a logical change for usNo opinionNo commentFor my street A & B would be the sameBoth of these options are excellent and take into account the priority of having a community high school.That PB 167 attends UHSWe will stay in  Urbana high schoolGood. No change for my kidNothingClose to home. My boys will go to with their after school friend. The school provides special programs that
does not exist in other schools.Proposed boundaries closest to current boundaries. Keeps most of community the same.No opinionI like the idea since our kids can stay at the same school in the Villages of  Urbana. No bus pickup/drop-off will cause a lot of traffic going on in the neighborhood & the safety concerns to more students who walk to
school everyday then.I like that PB 57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. PB 57 is a new neighborhood that does not have established ties to any specific feeder pattern. PB 57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB 57 attends GVES where the majority of
GVES already goes to LHS.Urbana kids stay at Urbana schools!!Why was Landsdale removed when there is no benefit to the school or county?  Keep Landsdale at Urbana
high school.Keep Kemptown togetherKeeps thing as is for HSI like that it provides immediate relief.There is nothing that I like about the High School DRAFT Option ANo opinionIt is okayI like that PB 179 and PB 9 are together and at Linganore.My children can walk to school and have access to advanced coursesGoodI don't like it since I will lose Urbana HSOption A: PB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to LHS.
Allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students.  PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been
an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.I think option A is a bad choice for the students of KES who would be split between UHS and LHS in this model. When looking at the years out projections the movement of PB 35-37, 39, 9, and 179 to LHS in addition to PB 57, 172, and 184 doesn't seem to provide long term benefit to managing the anticipated
population growth in these areas.Same schoolOption A relieves future growth for UHS.Lower enrollment projection for LinganoreI like that my children and all of Urbana will stay together.No opinionNothing: Option A: PB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to LHS.
Option A allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A  would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students. PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and
have been an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.Option A is my preferred choiceI do not have strong opinions about option A, as very little is being changed with the boundary.I like that PB 57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB 57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB 57 attends GVES where the majority of
GVES already goes to LHS.My children will be going to Urbana high.Like it - not a lot of change from current.This one is great.No opinion