I live in Westwinds.  I want my kids to go to New Market Middle.  It is the closest school to my house and
most convenient.  Thanks for making this the only option.We stay in the same school.Stay in same schoolStays at NMMS, shorter bus ride than Oakdale MSNaSeems a little more disruptive than AI don't like it!It's perfect, my kids will continue going there and will feed into LHS.West Winds neighborhood will move on to NMMS, those kids get to move up with friends they've gone to
NMES withNot a lotMy kids middle school is not impactedThey will be able to go to high school with the kids they attended middle school withKeeps child at NMESI like that PB146 retains NMMS / LHS. Shorter distances to schools for parents / teen drivers / buses and
safer routes.There is too much on the interactive map for me to clearly understand what will take place with my kids.
Parents need a less complicated version. I tried to search by my address but was unable to enter it.Does not change my child's middle school.No to Option B. If you are going to take kids out of NMES (where our kids currently go), pulling them away from New Market Community and lumping us with other Linganore villages, don't then put the kids back to NMMS for middle and Linganore HS, which equals crazy changing feeder patterns and having to change friends again and again. Hopefully, you will keep us at NMES, but if you go with option B for new elementary, at least then have us feed into Oakdale Middle and Oakdale High School for a sensible feeder pattern of New elementary --> Oakdale Middle-> Oakdale HS.
Also, all parents I've talked to in the other Linganore Villages (who are currently Oakdale feeder) are against their kids being rerouted to NMMS and Linganore High school. So they will push against this, and then West Winds could truly be stuck being the only neighborhood to be rerouted to the new elementary, and
then put back into NMMS and Linganore.I like this option as it allows my son to continue with his classmates into middle school.My schools don't changeNo opinionNot an option I like for West WindsI like that it would reduce the population strains of Oakdale and Urbana middle.West Winds continues to go to NMMSI like this the best of the 2 MS options.No real opinionI like that it keeps west winds in new MarketIt keeps WestWinds in the current feeder pattern with closest schools