I live in Westwinds.  I want my kids to go to New Market Middle.  It is the closest school to my house and
most convenient.  Thanks for making this the only option.We stay in the same school. So I'm fine with it. It also opens up more housing choices by expanding into
Harrisville Road so that is nice.Stay in same schoolStays at NMMS, shorter bus ride than Oakdale MSDoesn't effect usI am good with it. West winds should go to NMMSMaintains a lot of the same feeder patternsThat West Winds stays at New Market ESIt's perfect, my kids will continue going there and will feed into LHS.West Winds neighborhood will move on to NMMS, those kids get to move up with friends they've gone to
NMES withOption A is the best choice. I like that it has the least students impacted and decrease of 2 buses and lesses
the long drive for students who live further out from WKMS.The kids out Woodville Rd go to New Market MSThe bus route is way to longKeeps child at NMESOption A keeps Westwinds (PB146) in the NMES/NMMS/LHS schools.There is too much on the interactive map for me to clearly understand what will take place with my kids.
Parents need a less complicated version. I tried to search by my address but was unable to enter it.Does not change my child's middle school.Love it as long as keep elementary school Option A. Keeps current feeder pattern of NMES--> NMMS-->
Linganore HS for PB 146.I like this option as it allows my son to continue with his classmates into middle school.My schools don't changeNo opinionKeeps West Winds with New Market Middle -- No additional redistrictingNone of the options change our current district - however, Option A includes more classmates with my son
that will go to the same middle school - that is a personal preference, not necessarily an overall opinionI like that it takes more students to New Market Middle from the top of the county instead of Windser
Knolls.West Winds continues to go to NMMSDon't like this option.No real opinionI like that it keeps west winds in new Market.It keeps WestWinds in the current feeder pattern with closest schools