LOVE IT! It keeps my children going to UMS as we live inside the Villages/Highlands of Urbana. Keeping Urbana kids in Urbana schools. Again LOVE that you heard our concerns to following the criteria that you outlined to establish the feeder patterns, proximity to schools, and omit multiple transitions for students! THANK YOU for hearing us and helping our kids stay in Urbana instead of being bussed 6 miles down the
road.my children will be in the same school that they have started; my before and aftercare providers will be able
to still help my children, and they will not be psychologically stressIt keeps neighborhoods together and doesn't make travel too far for those in Mt. Airy who now will go to
New Market instead of all the way to Windsor KnollsWonderful - communities are kept together.  The outlines make sense with neighborhoods and homes. Option A is also the only option that keeps ALL students that currently attend the Urbana Elementary Schools and Middle Schools attending Urbana Middle.  This option shows that clearly the FCPS and Cropper have been listening to our voices.  I really appreciate this.  I appreciate the work that went into
creating these maps.Option A is better than Option B. Kids living near the south of the county boundary are assigned to the
Urbana MS, which is closer to where they live. And fewer kids are being affected in Option A than B.Children will be closest to their schoolExcellent. Students in the Urbana neighborhoods are going to the middle school that is closest to them.  We
are keeping current Urbana students in Urbana.This is a good option.  There are minimal changes, only 55 students impacted, the change from Windsor
Knolls to New Market makes sense based on the distance and the numbers of students.This option is great.It keeps Urbana together.This option keeps Urbana Schools in Urbana.It keeps all the kids in our neighborhood within the neighborhood Middle schoolsNo issues with option A, Keeps Urbana kids in Urbana SchoolsThat it keeps all of Urbana Highlands and Villages of Urbana at UMS.ProximitySame as option AMy kids stay at Urbana.Keeps more current kids together then BIt keeps all of the Centerville, Urbana and Sugarloaf students together for middle school. It is a more
inclusive model and is a positive for the urbana area.No opinion. It doesn't change for us.FineNothingThe VOU is kept together and going to UMSPerfect because it keeps my 3 children close to hone where they can bike or walk.Keep kids in the neighborhood in the same schoolIt keeps those closest to Urbana closeBoth plans seem like good optionsI like draft option A because it keeps my child in UMS with the only friends she has and knows. I think it is
unfair to have option B that only effects a few kids. Keep Urbana together.keeps all of the Villages at UMSkeeps our children. communities together with their friendsEVERYTHINGEVERYTHINGI like option ANo concerns as my kids stay at Urbana.It keeps my children at a safe walking distanceOur kids are now kept in Urbana.  Thank you for making the change.Don't like it - it does not relieve enough pressure for Urbana MS.I like both of themVery consistent with neighborhood linesit keeps all Urbana students in UMS.Keeping Urbana Students within Urbana SchoolsChildren will be closest to their schoolBest fitit keeps all of urbana in one community , the foundation of the urbana community is One Team. We are one
and don't want to be separatedAIt keeps my community and our neighborhood children together. This is the main reason that we bought in
this community.Keeping the Urbana Community together and not splitting communities and those students from the environment and schools they've grown to trust. Thank you for considering the impact on our students, mentally and emotionally, and making the newly proposed changes. This option is so much better than
what was previously presented. Thank you.Keeps everyone togetherNO NO NOI like that it does not exclude small pockets of children and send them to a middle school where they don't know most of the kids. I heard that ideal split is 50/50 with not going below 30/70. This option does not
support that for blocks in the SW part of the county (21, 14, 173, ,19, 11.)Keeps Urbana students in home school optionKeeps Urbana togetherProximity.I like that my children would go to Urbana MS, which is close to home.OkIt keeps Urbana as ONEI like that it keeps all of Urbana together.Keeping all Urbana kids at Urbana middle.Keeps Urbana students together and allows parents to be more easily involved in their children's school,
since it is so close.It keeps the feeder pattern intactKeeps Urbana togetherWe keep all urbana kids together.Keeping Urbana kids in Urbana schools.keeps my children together; the reason of moving to Urbanathe benefit of my childrenIt disrupts less (Urbana MS) family plans.This option is OKProximity to our houseI like that it keeps all Urbana Kids in the schoolMy kids would still attend the same MS.We stay at the same walkable middle schoolI do not like Middle School DRAFT Option Ait keeps those kids previously in UMSI stay at Urbana MSKeeps my kids in a close school.Most of the Urbana kids stay in UMSDefinitely like option A over B.It keeps all Urbana students together with the original boundary.I like that it keeps the kids who attended UMS in the same school.I do not like this option as it doesn't do enough for the overcrowding.Keeping the kids residing in Urbana. I work 40 miles away. If my child misses the bus they could still walk
home. If we are bussed out of the neighborhood this would no longer be an option.This keeps more of the community togetheroption A seems to be better for everyone in Urbana-particularly the absurdly tiny fraction of kids who
would be moved to Sugarloaf nearly 2 miles awayI prefer option BBoth options seem good, with option A slightly better than option B.no opinionGOODA keeps my children at UMS. It follows the proximity to schools, establishing feeder patterns, student
demographics, impact on neighborhood communities.It's greatUrbana neighborhoods kept together!!!That we are kept with our community and friendsMaintain the same pattern for UMSI oppose MS Option ALogical, manages overcrowding bestKeeps everyone in the Urbana Planned Unit Development/Special Property Tax District (PUD) to stay in the Middle School.  This is the reason why many live in the PUD to stay in the neighborhood school rather than a adjoining neighborhood school.  Additionally this is one of the weighted factor in purchasing in the PUD and pay more in taxes.  This plan will not greatly affect the social aspect with the children by
separating their neighborhood friends within the Urbana PUD.This option keeps all of Urbana and the students who live on Ijamsville road together for middle and high
school, the years that are often the most difficult socially and academically for our children.I don't agree with MS Option A, utilization between schools are not balanced.Option A will keep my child with the people she knows from Urbana  Elementary schoolLeast disruptive and keeps current communities and students togetherThe kids get to stay in the Urbana school systemThe Villages or Urbana and Urbana Highlands communities will be going to Urbana MS.it keeps all Urbana students in UMS.transportation benefits, fewer buses, fewer students impacted than option B, limits bus travel on southern
part of Rt 355 which is increasingly difficult to cross during rush hourIt includes all of Urbana, keeping our community together.goodIt keeps Urbana together as a whole community at the middle school levelWe stay at Urbana MSIts better than option b but you should have stuck with your original options.  This will not relieve
overcrowding at the school in the long term.I like A for those included in the Dixon Rd area. It's silly to cut off those 18 kids!Urbana area is going to Urbana Middle!the reason why I moved to Urbanayes pleasekeep EVERYONE together!goodI like option A- because it includes the 13 middle school children that are in the 2 section with in 5 minutes
of the middle school.I'm happy that we remain in the proposed Urbana Middle area.Noit doesn't needlessly alienate a small subset of my neighborhood to another school - peer group.Absolutely NO for Option AKeeps the current boundaries; which make the most sense geographically and for the neighborhoodsNo opinionFewer students are being impacted in Option AeverythingIt maximizes adjacent areas of the Villages of Urbana going to the same school.Nothing that I like option Alove itKeeps all of the Urbana community in one middle school instead of fracturing off a small portion of the
community.  Shorter commute and or bus ride vs. WKMS.I am for keeping option A.this doesn't resolve the issue the UMS is currently having... why dont we ask the teachers for input on how they prefer to teach. Also with keeping the communities together.. yeah its all called Urbana but there are 3 sections... Village, Highland and new Stone Barn if you are going to leave 18 kids behind  and sent to
another school send us with a whole section not just 18 kids. Its easier to send 100 kids then just to move 18.I vote Option A to keep everyone in Urbana.Keep Urbana togetherAll the students in Villages of Urbana and Urbana Heights will be kept in Urbana MS. Therefore the Option A will make them feel they are still in a big family as they are currently enjoying. This is very important to
the community with about 3000 households.keeps Urbana together, fewest # of students impactedIt minimizes the distance to the schools so kids can still walk if neededKeeps all of Urbana togetherIt keeps everyone togethereverythingNaThis option keeps the neighborhood together with the greater Urbana community.It keeps the villages at Urbana middle.Less overcrowding, better distributionNoneSchool close to home. No change.That is makes our community whole again.stay in UMGoing to the nearest school!FineThat all of the children in the Villages will stay together and my child can walk safely to school.Maximize walkersChildren would stay in the same school.It keeps my kids at Urbana MsIt keeps the Urbana residence children together and attending Urbana Middle school where most of them
can walk.Keeps the existing UMS community together.There is nothing I like about this option to keep all UMS students in an overcrowded facility.Keeps my children at the same schoolLike itlove itA keeps Urbana togetherKeeps us at Urbana MS - very happy about that!Don't like it.The plans seem to be more logical at all levels. No preference on either.I am glad that my kids can go to UMSThat Urbana students stay in UrbanaLeast number of students impacted out of the two options  at a time that is critical for kids. Decreases the
number of buses by two which is very important for our environment.No commentFantastic job here trying to keep neighborhoods together.  The middle schools in questions here will truly be
community schools.We will stay in urbana middle schoolGood. No change for my kidClose to our house. Good teachers and safe environment. My boy is going to school with his after school
friends from Urbana.Proposed boundaries closest to current boundaries. Keeps most of community the same.I like the idea since our kids can stay at the same school in the Villages of  Urbana. No bus pickup/drop-off will cause a lot of traffic going on in the neighborhood & the safety concerns to more students who walk to
school everyday then.Proximity, friends stay in same school, already got adjusted in 6th grade. Good to continue in same
environment.I like that with Option A, the least number of students are impacted out of the two options. Going to middle school is a critical time in a child's life and we should mitigate external factors making the transition even harder. I also like that it decreases the number of buses by two which is very important for our
environment.Thank you for coming up with a solution that the VOU and Highlands stay at  UMS.  It worksMy children can walk to schoolGoodMy son stays in same schoolI like that my children and all of the children of Urbana will stay in Urbana as opposed to going farther
down the road to Windsor Knolls.As far as I can tell Option A changes nothing. So, since I am presently happy with the current arrangement, I
have no complaints.Like it; not much change.It keeps the entire Villages of Urbana together at the same school. THIS is the proper and appropriate way
to redistrict. Not diving a street or excluding a small section of a huge neighborhood.