LOVE IT! It keeps my kids (PB143) in Urbana Middle. It shows that you listened, cared about keeping
school consistency in a middle schoolers life. THANK YOU!my children will be in the same school that they have started; my before and aftercare providers will be able
to still help my children, and they will not be psychologically stressI do not like this option as much.  The border for Windsor Knolls coming all the way down to the west does
not make as much sense as the the option A map.Option B is not optimal. Kids living near the south of the county boundary would need to take bus (a
relatively long trip) to the Windsor Knolls MS.  More kids are being affected in Option B.NothingThis option is ok, although the students that are living on the bottom of the county would be traveling very
far to go to Windsor Knolls (currently they are in Urbana Middle).This optionIt keeps Urbana together PLUS is has a lower utilization rate (i.e. not as overcrowded).I do not like how Urbana elementary school is divided into two middle schools.It keeps all the kids in our neighborhood within the neighborhood Middle schoolsNo issues with option A, Keeps Urbana kids in Urbana SchoolsIt keeps the 2 Urbana neighborhoods at UMS, and is a slightly smaller feeder area which will help reduce
any overcrowding at UMS.Same as A optionSame as option AMy side stay at Urbana.I don't like it, it cuts off/alienates  a small number of kids and sends them to a new schoolI do not like Draft option B.No opinion. It doesn't change for us.FineThe VOU is kept together and going to UMS.It keeps all my kids close to home where they can bike or walk to schoolKeep kids in the neighborhood in the same schoolNothingKeeps all of the Villages at UMSNothingEVERYTHINGEVERYTHINGaround 270 south of county line should goes to Urbana MSNo concerns as my kids stay at Urbana which is walking distance from my home.Both options are fine as they keep my children at a safe walking distance.Our kids are now kept in Urbana.  Thank you for making the change.It will relieve some pressure for Urbana MS.I like both of themNothing. Chops off in the middle of a neighborhoods.it keeps all Urbana students in UMS.Keeping Urbana Students within Urbana SchoolsNothingTerrible. My children have to move schools and the bus routes while already lengthy even more. Also they
are removed from their known peers to goto a school where they will know few children.I don't like itDislikeEverything ! Thumbs up FCPSNothingI like that my children would go to Urbana MS which is close to home.Doesn't change anything for us.Option B is ridiculous, sending just 18 Urbana students to WKMS.  That won't relieve overcrowding, it will just isolate a small group of students from all their friends during the difficult and formative Middle school
years.I do not like option B.Nothing.It excludes a handful of families from continuing to be one Urbana and sends them to Windsor KnollsI don't like option bnothingnoIt keeps the (Urbana) school size more reasonable in the future.This option is OKNothingI don't like that is moves 18 kids from UrbanaMy kids would still attend the same MS.We stay at same walkable middle schoolUrbana MS got long term capacity reliefgeographically it puts those kids closer to WKMS versus UMSI stay at Urbana MSKeeps my kids in a close school.From the presentation I believe Option B provides some capacity relief to the MS.I am in planning block 21 and will have a 5th grader when this takes place. Moving a large non populated area with few children in planning blocks  21, 14, 19, 11 and newly created blocks 174 and 173 is affecting a minimal amount of kids .  Matt Cropper stated at the beginning of this process, to me personally, that moving that insignificant amount would never happen.  That hundreds needed to be moved to make an impact.   There is no good reason to move less than 20 kids to WKMS with a 30% return back to UHS.  Are you thinking of these kids who have been in Urbana Elementary for years and then have them sent to another school with no friends only to return to UHS with newly made friends going back to Linganore. And just the stretch across the whole county is a bit crazy.  While I understand and appreciate the need for
redistricting, moving less than 20 impacts the kids MORE than it will impact overcrowding.Nothing...it seems the VOU and Highlands rallied to keep their kids together but 18 of us on the south/east
slither got cut off. Why would you move the boundary to exclude only 18 kids from Urbana Middle?I like that it keeps the Urbana kids attending UMS.I like this option more because they are closer to capacity although the projections put it quite a bit over
100% in future years.Option A is betterThe only upside to this is the overcrowding that is anticipated in 2028.  However, that date is too far in the
future to be impactful with all the changes each yearnothingI like this option because it has more of an impact on the overcrowding issues at that school.Both options seem good, with option A slightly better than option B.It does more to address overcrowding at UMSGOODThe same reasons as option A, but B lowers the capacity as A keeps the capacity much higher.No issuesUrbana neighborhoods kept together!!!Same as A.Better utilization rate in long run for UMSUrbana MS got capacity relief, the projected growth in the area is well considered, good job FCPS and
Cropper GIS!!Keeps everyone in the Urbana Planned Unit Development/Special Property Tax District (PUD) to stay in the Middle School.  This is the reason why many live in the PUD to stay in the neighborhood school rather than a adjoining neighborhood school.  Additionally this is one of the weighted factor in purchasing in the PUD and pay more in taxes.  This plan will not greatly affect the social aspect with the children by
separating their neighborhood friends within the Urbana PUD.I also like that this option keeps most of the community together for middle school and high school.Our voice is heard and the new MS option B incorporated community's suggestion. Well done FCPS.Option B  has my child going to a different middle school (windsor knolls) for three years.  She will not know anybody because she would have gone to Urbana elementary and she should be going to Urbana middle school.  After middle school she would just go back to Urbana high school so what is the point of
sending her to a different middle school this makes no senseKeeps current community togetherNothingThe Villages or Urbana and Urbana Highlands communities will be going to Urbana MS.  Option B appears
to have less students in Urbana MS which is my preference.it keeps all Urbana students in UMS.Unfortunately excludes a small fraction of Urbana homes without much impact to addressing
overcrowding.goodI do NOT like that it takes a few students from Urbana Elem and sends them to Windsor Knolls Middle instead of UMS ( Planning Blocks 19, 173, 11).  There is no growth or development planned for this area, so I'm not sure how this would help with overcrowding at the middle school level.  By only taking such a small
number of students, it is going to make a more difficult transition to middle school for these students.nanNeither option truly relieves middle school overcrowding.Nothing!Urbana area is going to Urbana Middle!the reason why I moved to Urbananowe HATE this option - pointless to take 18 away....goodI do not like this option as it would relocate 13 kids in Urbana - only 13 kids -I do not see the justification of
just moving 13 kids from Urbana to Windsor knollsI'm happy that we remain in the proposed Urbana Middle area.YesOption B is what the community have suggested and what we wanted!nothing. UMS should be able to serve the region, not just the most recently built homes.No opinionI don't like Option B. For Option B, Windsor Knolls MS covers such a huge area from north to south. How
could those students living in the north/south corners travel to school? What is they missed the school bus?do not like this optionIt maximizes adjacent areas of the Villages of Urbana going to the same school.I liked the better relief to Urbana MS in option Blove itKeeps all of the Urbana community in one middle school instead of fracturing off a small portion of the
community.  Shorter commute and or bus ride vs. WKMS.I disagree with draft B as it moves 18 children from my area to a different middle school. I am for keeping
option A.More students will go to Windsor Knolls MS, which could help reduce the burden on Urbana MS.It minimizes the distance to the schools so kids can still walk if neededNaI like that the neighborhood stays together and we are able to still go to our neighborhood MS.Option B have the long term vision for FCPS long term development.It alleviates the overcrowding temporarily.NothingAgain, this allows our kids to remain in the local area with the kids they have become friends with.School close to home. No change.That is makes our community whole again.Stay in UMGoing to the nearest school!FineThat all of the children in the Villages will stay together and my child can walk safely to school.no commentnanI don't.It keeps the Urbana residence children together and attending Urbana Middle school where most of them
can walk.Moves only a few kids from UMSThere is nothing I like about this option to keep all UMS students in an overcrowded facility.Keeps my children at the same schoolLike itnoA is better, B is okKeeps us at Urbana MS - very happy about that!Urbana MS boundary is more compact, encompassing fewer current homes, and more importantly fewer
future homes, lessening potential for overcrowdingThe plans seem to be more logical at all levels. No preference on either.I am glad that my kids can go to UMSThat Urbana students stay in UrbanaNothingNo commentSame as A-- for the vast majority of Frederick County residents, community schools will remain intact.We will still stay in urbana middle schoolGood. No change for my kidN.a.I like the idea since our kids can stay at the same school in the Villages of  Urbana. No bus pickup/drop-off will cause a lot of traffic going on in the neighborhood & the safety concerns to more students who walk to
school everyday then.Proximity, friends stay in same school, already got adjusted in 6th grade. Good to continue in same
environment.Nothing.It worksMy children can walk to schoolGoodI like that my children and all of the children of Urbana will stay in Urbana as opposed to going farther
down the road to Windsor Knolls.The changes in Option B are minimal and the redistribution is rational (again,  based on the potential for
walker/bikers).Nothing; odd boundaries.I believe this is the option that takes something like 18 houses from the Villages of Urbana and buses them to Windsor Knolls. This is completely unacceptable. How can you possibly justify taking just that small section of the VOU and removing them from the school that the entire rest of the neighborhood attends? How is this not good for anyone? Please keep the entire Villages of Urbana at ONE middle school. I know this is not possible for the elementary but it is possible for middle school. Middle school is hard enough. Let
these kids go to the school closest to them that the rest of their neighborhood attends. Please.