nanN/ano opinionONLY SUPPORT OPTION Bno changenanThese options are the same for us either way, and I am fine with that.i think the feeder pattern needs to be taken into account. half of windsor knolls will go to UHS and the other
half to LHSIt concerns me that in Option B students going to Windsor Knolls Middle school will have to travel from
two different extremes a long time to get to their school. Option A would be my preferred option.I think both are wrong. Why do you send kids to a Middle School then split them up and send them to
different high schools? Twin Ridge kids and eastern Frederick County continue to get screwed over.NoOption A helps my child from NOT riding a school bus for 45-60 minutes for 18 miles!not applicable to my middle schoolerThe Mt. Airy twin ridge elementary will have a long rid eto Windsor knolls MSUpset twin ridge won't go to new market middleOption B seems like there will be a lot more students in Windsor Knolls.I prefer option Boption B is the only way to goI am happy with either as it doesn't change anythingOption A will be so nice for the kids that live way up in Mt Airy and have to ride the MS bus for 45-60
minutes twice a day!I like a better because it keeps the middle schools under crowdedA is way better- hands downNoTwin Ridge students are being sent on 40 minute bus rides to Windsor Knolls.  This is not part of our community.  Our students interact with New Market Middle Students.  We play sports with them we have shared churches and girl and boy scouts.  There is NO reason to send our students all the way over to a middle school where they won't have their peer groups.  A middle school where the majority of the students will go to a seperate high school.  I teach in a middle school that is divided  for high school and it causes constant issues within the student body. PLEASE reconsider what you are doing to the students of Twin
Ridge.Draft B appears to have students who would be very far away from the Windsor Knolls.  That looks like an incredibly long bus ride and may create an extra burden for parents and children alike as I would expect
them to need to get on the bus earlier.No opinion.I am afraid that when my kids move to middle school most of their friends will go to urbana middle and our
only option is Windsor knolls.noIt singles out Landsdale and force our kids to go to a HS that is farther away.FinePlease consider making the split out of WKMS as closet o 50/50 as possible between Urbana HS and Linganore HS.  I am sure you have noticed that the folks from Urbana HS are very protective of their community and they are not the most welcoming.  It is hard for kids to have a Kemptown feeder to WKMS and then Urbana when majority of the kids from WKMS go to Linganore.  It looks like, from  one of the
current HS scenarios, less of the Kemptown feeder area will ateend Urbana HS so the split will be even worse moving forward.nanI am disappointed that NEITHER of these options KEEPS the Twin Ridge students together AND brings them ALL to New Market Middle since this seems to be the best of both worlds for the Twin Ridge District and made sense statistically speaking.  It is very disappointing that this option was removed, and was
hopefully done for the right reasons and not because of a few people's loud complaints.NaN/aB it's closerNoI don't understand why the Twin Ridge neighborhood would go to Windsor Knolls - why not use 70 as the boundary line? I would think that the kids from Twin Ridge would add to the capacity of Windsor Knolls which is already crowded. Option B adds more kids to Windsor Knolls by cutting into the Urbana boundary
lines...No opinion.No observationsthis should be about making it work with the least amount of disturbance for the kids.. Option B allows for that to happen... Option A Landsdale is a new neighborhood with younger residents which will ultimately
bring more people so logically they would need to be the neighborhood that should be moved.We prefer Bnanno opinionnanI want Twin Ridge Students kept in same middle schoolNo opinionNoNoGreat middle schoolOption A splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle School. However, Option B has 100% of TRES population attending Windsor Knolls Middle, maintaining the established Feeder Pattern. Since both options divide the WKMS student population into UHS and LHS, Option B is crucial as it ensures that TRES population is not split twice at the middle school and high school levels.
What do you like about High School DRAFT Option A?
PB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to
LHS.No opinionOption A splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle School. However, Option B has 100% of TRES population attending Windsor Knolls Middle, maintaining the established Feeder Pattern. Since both options divide the WKMS student population into UHS and LHS, Option B is crucial as it ensures that TRES population is not split twice at the middle school and high school
levels.Option A splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle School. However, Option B has 100% of TRES population attending Windsor Knolls Middle, maintaining the established Feeder Pattern. Since both options divide the WKMS student population into UHS and LHS, Option B is crucial as it ensures that TRES population is not split twice at the middle school and high school
levels.Option A starts separating children from those with whom they have attended elementary school. Only to bring those kids back together for high school. This can cause social issues. Option B, while requires kids to
be bused further and has some splitting for high school, does keep a core group together.Send all of Windsor Knolls to LinganorenuetralSame as above- these split feeder patterns should not be the only option available again have not seen one
option that keep classes together.Disappointed the option to have Twin Ridge ES go to NMMS was dropped.   Windsor Knolls has never made sense, especially when NMMS has capacity and is closer.   I HOPE this was not just to satisfy
complaining Urbana parents.Option A splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle School. However, Option B has 100% of TRES population attending Windsor Knolls Middle, maintaining the established Feeder Pattern. Since both options divide the WKMS student population into UHS and LHS, Option B is crucial as it ensures that TRES population is not split twice at the middle school and high school
levels.No opinionnoOption A splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle School. However, Option B has 100% of TRES population attending Windsor Knolls Middle, maintaining the established Feeder Pattern. Since both options divide the WKMS student population into UHS and LHS, Option B is crucial as it ensures that TRES population is not split twice at the middle school and high school
levels.Prefer option BNo opinionOption B is better, since it prevents a "double split" of feeder pattern for TRES.  Option A would cause a spit in students from TRES to go to New Market MS and WKMS and then another split from WKMS to UHS and
LHS.No opinionTRES to WKMS doens't make a lot of sense to me.  The WKMS boundaries are so long and skinny that is
doesn't make transportation and/or community involvement a high priorityNoAgain, just keep the kids together.  I think it is possible to keep KES intact and send all to WKMS.NoN/aOption A splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle School. However, Option B has 100% of TRES population attending Windsor Knolls Middle, maintaining the established Feeder Pattern. Since both options divide the WKMS student population into UHS and LHS, Option B is crucial as it ensures that TRES population is
not split twice at the middle school and high school levels.I think it's ridiculous for kids to spend over half an hour on the bus when there are muddle schools closer. I also don't like joining a community for middle school upon which the majority will be together for the span
of k-12. Meanwhile the smaller portion misses out during formative social years.NoNo opinionI do not like that the small section of kids in PB 29 and 167 that would be redistricted to Urbana Elm (from Kemptown), would then only be attending middle school with 30% of their peers.  This is unnecessarily
isolating to this community.NoSee abovePlease consider the kids slated for Windsor knolls who live 30 minutes away and bring them closerOption B seems to be better for the long term future, although the Windsor Knolls district is very spread outNo opinionI am disappointed that loud voices took away a plan that allowed my kids to attend a school that is closer to me.  The middle schoolers in my neighborhood are on buses for almost 45 minutes to get to school.  New
market is under capacity and closer for our kids.  Why did that get taken off the tabkeBoth options are well designed. I like the option B better, because it make school utilization more balanced
in the next 10 years.No opinionEstablished feeder patterns.
Option A offers Excessive Feeder Pattern Splits, with Kemptown Elementary Bearing the Burden of theNo commentSending TRES to WKMS is not the best option. The students are on the bus for 45+mins. New Market Middle is right down the road and where our students used to go. While Option A sends some of TRES to NEw Market, but it breaks students and neighborhood up. Keep all of TRES together and send them all to New Market. That was an option the first time around. Their are other students closer to WKMS then TRES
students. If Urbana MS is over crowded then They need to be the ones moved. Make room for them by taking TRES out of WKMS.We are slated to go to Windsor Knolls either way and believe this is best for our children.noI don't like either plan.  Twin Ridge students north of I-70 should be routed to New Market.NoI would like for my kids to go to school with the same kids for elementary, middle and high.  Under the middle school draft A, they would go to middle with more kids that they went to elementary with than
under draft B.Nothing changed for our MS placementboth option feed to Windsor KnollsMy only concern in option B is the area included within the WKMS attendance area- this seems very large and could create issues for parents getting students to and from school events and allowing participation to all students.  Additionally, WKMS is an older school with existing issues with consistent electricity supply
and plumbing.  How will this be addressed if/when there is a higher load at the school?NoNo opinionOption A splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle School. However, Option B has 100% of TRES population attending Windsor Knolls Middle, maintaining the established Feeder Pattern. Since both options divide the WKMS student population into UHS and LHS, Option B is crucial as it ensures that TRES population is not split twice at the middle school and high school
levels.Concerned that Option B would add too many students to Windsor Knolls and added traffic to 70 and
especially 75, which is already increasing because of build-outs in other areas.Both options A and B are great!Option A splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle
School.NoA splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle School. However, Option B has 100% of TRES population attending Windsor Knolls Middle, maintaining the established Feeder Pattern. Since both options divide the WKMS student population into UHS and LHS, Option B is crucial as it ensures that TRES population is not split twice at the middle school and high school
levels.No thoughtsWhy not build a middle school now to address the problem that will occur once these elementary kids grow up? Also why not charge a 1% fee to all new houses built and sold to pay for the foundation of the new
schools required?I would prefer if the children can be kept with as many elementary classmates as possible to help ease the
transition.Both do not have an effect on our areaNo opinionOption A offers Excessive Feeder Pattern Splits, with Kemptown Elementary Bearing the Burden of the Split. Option A Offers a Disruptive 3 Transitions for Kemptown Elementary students in Elementary,
Middle, and High school.Im concerned about over- enrollment given current development in the area.MS Option A has too wide of a difference in feeder patterns for WKMS--71% to LHS and 29% to UHS. Option B is a better balance at 60% to LHS and 40% to UHS.  Option B thus has a better chance of students
having friends who will be going to the same high school as them.No opinionThe students attending Twin Ridge Elementary School are less than 100 students per grade.  The majority of these students have been together for six years as they attended elementary school.  It makes no sense to split these students up and have them separate between two different middle schools.  It is a big unknown step going from elementary school to middle school.  With all the hormones going on with these students it adds a layer of stress to know that your best friends are going to a different middle school and you will be separated for a couple of years.  Middle School are the hardest years as these students grow into their adult bodies.
Additionally, for those living close to I-70, it makes no sense to have students commute for over 30 minutes on bus to get to their middle school.  And for those who have to get to work, it is not an easy path to drive if your child is a car rider.  The risk of accident from the multitude of deer crossing the road is increased with
the path from Mount Airy to Windsor Knolls.nanNo opinionPlease consider making the Urbana/Linganore split more of a 50/50 split.Established Feeder Patterns remain more Consistent in Option B, benefiting Twin Ridge Elementary and Urbana Elementary:
A splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle School. However, Option B has 100% of TRES population attending Windsor Knolls Middle, maintaining the established Feeder Pattern. Since both options divide the WKMS student population into UHS and LHS, Option B is crucial as it ensures that TRES population is not split twice at the middle school and high school
levels.Strictly speaking to UMS and WKMS, a combination of A and B might be best for WKMS. Considering future growth, WKMS might be best utilized to both relieve overcrowding of UMS and to have students
from the current upper portion attend a middle school nearer to their neighborhoods.No opinionEstablished Feeder Patterns remain more Consistent in Option B, benefiting Twin Ridge Elementary and Urbana Elementary:
A splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle School. However, Option B has 100% of TRES population attending Windsor Knolls Middle, maintaining the established Feeder Pattern. Since both options divide the WKMS student population into UHS and LHS, Option B is crucial as it ensures that TRES population is not split twice at the middle school and high school
levels.NoA splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle School. However, Option B has 100% of TRES population attending Windsor Knolls Middle, maintaining the established Feeder Pattern. Since both options divide the WKMS student population into UHS and LHS, Option B is crucial as it ensures that TRES population is not split twice at the middle school and high school
levels.Established Feeder Patterns remain more Consistent in Option B, benefiting Twin Ridge Elementary and Urbana Elementary:
A splits Twin Ridge Elementary into New Market Middle School and Windsor Knolls Middle School. However, Option B has 100% of TRES population attending Windsor Knolls Middle, maintaining the established Feeder Pattern. Since both options divide the WKMS student population into UHS and LHS, Option B is crucial as it ensures that TRES population is not split twice at the middle school and high school
levels.The increase in the WKMS District is too drastic.No opinion