I live in Westwinds - new elementary school or existing NMES are both reasonable in terms of busing.Nothing!!!! My son has 2 years left an NMES, option A takes him to Twin Ridge. We bought our house to go
to NMES.This will be very disruptive to our family.There would be no change to our students, we would stay at NMES where we have been extremely pleased
with the teachers and administration. Our students will stay with most of their current friends.Hate it!That my kids stay at NMESI like that it allows for continuity of feeder patternWest Winds should stay at NMESA new elementary school would be nice especially since it ends up at LHS. We live in West Winds.Best option for ES.  I like that schools are feeding into 1 MS (not a must for me, for a plus) and it has the best
overall relief of ES.Zero. I am surprised and offput that this option was never an option, until this meeting. It is possible I missed this. This options causes my children to move elementary schools halfway through their time at their current elementary school. I recognize this is the nature's of the beast and can happen to anyone during this
restrictive. However it seems this option snuck in late.  And places twin ridge at over capacity.I don't like any part of itThe bus ride is shorter for the elementary routeDon't like Option A - we chose our house based on the schools our child would attend. We are very against changing schools in 3rd grade. We may also lose our daycare provider based on the change. That's a lot of
change in a single year and is not healthy.Stay at current schools and closest schoolsOption A keeps Westwinds (PB146) in the NMES/NMMS/LHS schools. Shorter distances to schools for
parents / teen drivers / buses and safer routes.There is too much on the interactive map for me to clearly understand what will take place with my kids.
Parents need a less complicated version. I tried to search by my address but was unable to enter it.No change of school for my childKeeps my daughter in the same feeder program as her friends,  minimizing changesLove it! Keeps my daughter at NMES and retains the current sensible "established feeder pattern" of NMES-
-> NMMS--> Linganore HS for PB 146, which is one of your redistricting criteria. Keeps our established ties with the New Market community with moms groups, extracurriculars, Girl Scouts, etc., which fulfills your
other stated redistricting criteria of "Impact on neighborhoods and communities"I don't have strong feelings.It is same as before and so no commentsdo not like option A at allNo opinionKeeps Westwinds with New Market Elementary - No additional redistrictingCurrently in NMES district, but attend TRES out of district - makes so much more sense to have the children
over in Mt Airy attend the school in Mt AiryI like this option the best.  It makes the most sense in regards to keeping students who live close to each
other to be in the same school.Proximity to school.That it helps new market numbersNothingI don't like it.  My child would have to switch schools.  She is a foster child that has been through enough
trauma and change in her short life already she doesn't need this change .I don't think option a is good because it moves more students than necessary to twin ridge elementary - going up to 102 % capacity the first year. Also, option a shows that projected enrollment by 2025 will have 4
schools over populated again with one school all the way up to 125%I dont like it because it would change our ES from NMES to TRES.  I have a soon to be 2nd grade foster daughter who we are going to be adopting this year and she has been through too much trauma this past year and changing schools again will have a detrimental impact on her and cause additional and unnecessary trauma.  This is a child who is having severe struggles with making connections and if she
were to change schools it will be a major issue for her.  We live at 6113 Woodville Road.  Please keep us in New Market Elementary School and go with option B.WestWinds children remain in the current feeder pattern