My daughter is at Oakdale and would have to change schools for 5th grade and again for 6th grade.
Children in this situation need to be grandfathered in to the school they are in.  Especially at that age.Both options seems strange around Urbana/Centerville/Sugarloaf. For instance, why doesn't PB 13 (and probably 17) go to Sugarloaf, which is closer and less utilized than Urbana? Similarly, for Option B, why move PB 144, 145, and 175 (and the sparsely populated PB 26 and 27) from the Centerville to Urbana?
A separate point on your projection data: Why does the projection of Oakdale Elementary change from
Option A to Option B? The boundaries are the same in both options...Frankly, I don't like A or B because they redistrict my location to SRESIt seems that Spring Ridge is always being disrupted.  Is it possible for the  houses off of Quinn Orchard to
go to Spring Ridge ES, since that school is closer to their neighborhoo.I think they both look to keep kids in a proper feeder system especially for MS and HS instead of splintering
off certain neighborhoods.No.Two prior options allowed PB1 to remain at OES and now that is not an option.noBoth drafts keep our neighborhood PB #63 in the oakdale feeder. This is the closest elementary school to our planning block/neighborhood and it would allow us to remain in the oakdale feeder vs switching our kids
back/forth between feeders.NoI think it is horrible because  we are going from an excellent elementary school to a school that is rated at a 6
and strugglingNoSpring Ridge is not as good a school as Oakdale.Our community was already effected by the last redistricting and yet again we are be forced to change
again.Would rather be at Oakdale all the way through being that we are around the corner from there.Does Not affect meDislike the fact that you're redistricting, yet splitting up the neighborhood of Spring Ridge again.
Additionally, you're likely moving my child out of Oakdale ES to Spring Ridge ES, thereby making her feel like a "new kid."Safety is my main concern. How are you going to keep all of the kids safe in an over capacity school with a
Level 4 behavior program on site.Keep school districts zoned as is and change as needed. Draft is a broken process working no where else
outside NYCI hate that my child is going to need to change schools when she is going in to 5th grade.Why is the back of spring ridge pulled out of oakdale but south of 144 all gets oakdale?  Even the new
neighborhood Tallyn Ridge gets oakdale and they are a lot further than usI would like my kids to stay at schools within the same feeder pattern and in schools that are closest to our
home.nanNew developments should HAVE to go to the under crowded school not the over crowded school!!!I prefer A but I like them both.Some students who are physically closer to Spring Ridge Elementary would be better served attending
there, with less bus time versus going all the way in to Oakdale Elementary.We are pleased that our planning block 63 is now staying in the Oakdale feeder for both optionsNoNot at this time since my kids aren't school aged yet but one of the main reasons we recently moved into the
neighborhood was for the Oakdale schools.Unfortunately, the redistricting process is inherently flawed because it only involves a portion of the county. This places immediate limitations on where students and communities can attend schools and where individual planning blocks can shift to; thus this process is less responsive to the population growth of the county.  For example, only addressing the portion of students attending TJ Middle residing east of the Monacacy River rather than all students attending, or who could attend, TJ Middle places severe limitations on options for shifting planning blocks to fully utilize TJ Middle.  I don't believe you can adequately or equitably address the redistricting needs of the county by doing a partial redistricting of the county.  We need to get this right.  We need full county redistricting.  It's better to take the time to get it right than to push through a partial attempt that gets it wrong for years to come and that is ultimately more costly.  The
question is, who is brave enough to do what's right?Only redistricting part of the county limits where students and communities can attend schools and where individual planning blocks can shift to.  You cannot address the needs of the county by only doing a partial
redistricting of the county.Utilization and FARM rates are too high for both. FARM rate (29%) is more than twice the average of all other ES.  A general comment is that the policy criteria are undefined and have no associated quantitative metrics except for the cost criteria which has not been shared with the public.  Has it been calculated?  I
hope so.