No change. Green Valley desperately needs to be updated/made larger to accommodate the number of
students. We had a poor year due to 30 kids in my son's kindergarten class.It seems that we are getting to a tipping point in the very near future to require a new public elementary
school in the area.nanN/aNoWhat is your plan to address to overcrowding at Green Valley ES?? There are 113 new K signed up as of
two weeks ago in May. What's the plan moving forward?? We do not want to wind up the next Urbana & Centerville Elementary. Plan now before it's  too late!!not applicable to my middle schoolerI only support option BWhen is the new elementary going to be thought of for Landsdale -- if not, are updates going to be made for Green Valley with the influx from Landsdale and the increased number of students?  They can't handle
parking from parents as it is and it will only get worse.They are both excellent plans to alleviate overcrowding in GVES and CESI like draft B for GV but for middle and high school i like option a.Green valley is not equipped for projected enrollment. It's already way overcrowdedNo.None.It is unfair and abusiveFineThey need to improve the security at GVNoThe lack of planned renovations to Green Valley Elementary School is concerning. This school is almost 50 years old and not currently on the master plan for renovations. This is unacceptable. Several brand new elementary schools are planned to be built, yet our children have to attend a school that's nearly 50 years
old. You need to prioritize renovations as well as new builds.NoArriving at Green Valley Elementary School for the first time was incredibly eye-opening.  Built in 1971, the school remains an "open-concept"ù and has had zero renovations.  Not even a safety vestibule when entering the building.  At first, I was not bothered by this.  I understand it is not the facility that makes the school great, it is the educators we have that allow for success. As I established myself as a part of the GVES community, I began to see where concerns lie. Our GVES educators, students, and school community are becoming increasingly severely impacted, and as far as I have seen in the documents published regarding the redistricting plans, there is nothing being done for Green Valley aside from throwing a few portables on the school grounds. As class sizes at Green Valley continue to increase, more dividers were added to the school to try and add "classrooms."ù In turn, this shrunk the square footage of the spaces while increasing the capacity of each square foot.  There are Kindergarteners in Green Valley this year (2018-2019) with 29 students in the room.  29 Kindergarteners in one classroom.  29 five year olds in one classroom. 29 impressionable young scholars, depending on their teachers to teach them to read and write and become mathematicians in a day and age where our curriculum demands more from our students.  29 students of varying levels and various backgrounds. 29 students that seek the social-emotional support and nurturing required to make a 5 year-old's first experiences in a public school wonderful.  29 babies being entrusted to a single classroom teacher in our public school system.  29 Kindergarteners in a single classroom is impossible to manage and differentiate for.  Students will get lost.  Students will not have their individual needs met. Teachers will become burnt out earlier. Teachers will be unable to provide each student with the time and attention it takes for them to develop reading and writing skills, all while having the most important job of all, teaching these children how to "do school."ù  How to sit at a table and walk through the halls.  How to raise a hand, how to complete a class job, how to transition between activities and stations.  Our babies deserve better.  Our teachers deserve better. And it is up to you as our elected representatives to pay attention to the reality our youngest students are living in each day.
According to the documents published with your 10-year educational facility improvement plan, the maximum capacity of Green Valley Elementary School is 499. At the June PTA meeting, Dr. DiMonte stated the current enrollment of Green Valley is 587. We are already 85 students over capacity.  In May, Dr.
DiMonte said we already have 113 students registered for Kindergarten alone next year.  My youngest child is one of them.  By the time my rising Kindergartener is in 2nd grade, in just 3 short years in 2022, the projected number of students to attend GVES is anticipated at 704.  Why is the current redistricting plan not paying attention to these numbers, and the improvements and renovations this building needs aside from
throwing a few extra portable classrooms our way?  That is a band-aid.  What is the REAL plan to address this?  Why has nothing been publicly addressed?NoNo, I and most of my neighbors strongly prefer to keep us in GVESGreen Valley ES needs a major renovation, or even better a new school to build instead. It is ridiculous that
in the 21st century kids and great staff are forced to attend and work in such an old, horrible environment.noWe live at 12345 Fingerboard Rd and our property (46 acres shares a boundary with Kemptown Park. The EAST side of our property line forms the boundary between Green Valley ES and Kemptown ES. We are asking the district to change this and use the WEST property line to be the boundary so that our house (the
only house on the property) belongs in the KES boundary.This grade school is being so quickly outgrown and is not safe.   It is not conducive to learning as students can hear everything going on in the class next to them.  Additionally, students can poke through the walls and disrupt others.  Additionally, the bathrooms are disgusting.   It is unfortunate that we think these facilities are ok to send students to on a daily basis.   I have major concerns regarding the deterioration of
the building as growth continues.NoCounty is failing to address overcrowding and nasty old schools.  The entire redistricting study is a waste
based upon the study's own numbers showing the same overcrowding will continue.It seems like Option B is better than Option A for the short and long-term with regards to minimizing
overutilization of the schools and not having overcrowding.noI hate to be the parent that complains but, I went to Green Valley and at this time both of my kids go. I love the school, my husband and I remained in this area because we love the small town farming life. Those moving here from Montgomery county want the new school and fancy building, send Landsdale to the
Urbana area and leave Green Valley aloneNothing has changed for our ES placementNoGVES needs to be renovated or replaced. The facility is inadequate. It has major safety issues and is not
large enough to accommodate the current student body or future growth.No...only that Green Valley is starting to get more crowded...wish they would consider updating the schoolNothingI'm concerned about over- enrollment at green valley with the development in the area. It's only going to
become more problematic as time goes on. Why were different elementary options considered?nanNo