Thanks again for keeping West Winds going to Linganore High School.  We are too close to that school for this not to be the case.NoI prefer Draft A for High SchoolNoNoWest winds should stay with NMHSNoThank you for sending West Winds to LHS, this is the only high school our children should go to.  It's 2.5 miles from our home. With young drivers, close is essential.  I'm relieved and appreciate your group listening to our many emails.  I know we're a small group but we are the closest neighborhood to LHS.  Again, thank you so much!!!  Our neighborhood is thrilled with this
decision!It seems to be in the best interest of everyone to send Landsdale to Linganore.  That neighborhood continues to grow and there is
not room at Urbana for them.  Therefore, I think Option A and B are excellent options!NoLess kids moved the better      If you can take a chunk from one school instead of 2 chunks from 2 schools. Just thankful my high
school kids are not on the bubble.  This is really sad for the HS kids especially upper classman.I prefer option B for HS b/c it keeps the class sizes a bit smaller at LinganoreOption B is the only one that makes sense for our community as a whole present and future.  Please do not let a few community members bully the system into doing something that does not make sense for all for their short term personal reasons.  PLEASE
do what is best for all of FCPS and our community!nanKeep option A!!!Would be great to review what programs are offered at each school - eg IB, Engineering etc and spread them more equally over
the schools...There is too much on the interactive map for me to clearly understand what will take place with my kids.  Parents need a less
complicated version. I tried to search by my address but was unable to enter it.Either option is fine.Option A keeps more kids together from Elementary through High School in our feeder pattern. This is important for social
development. All of the schools in this area are fantastic so that is less of an issue, but social development is key.No changeYes to Option A. No to Option B. See above. Please adhere to your redistricting criteria.These plans are an improvement over the previous option 1.You could probably combine the two... take the rest of Lake Linganore east of Boyers Mill and the rest of Mt. Airy north of MD- 80 and give to Linganore HS, give Landsdale and Kemptown back to Urbana HS, and get about the same.  Linganore (which is currently the least utilized of the three) would be taking significant portions of Oakdale and Urbana to lower utilization in those
schools.I think Option B is the best high school option.  I know it splits some middle schools but there is enough of overlap that students
will not be completely alone.noNot at this timeI think it's an obvious choice to include the Landsdale community in the Linganore district. They are the next closest PB not already at LHS, and it's great to keep them all together. It gives UHS some relief, and doesn't make the travel time too much more for these children (the least travel time for any current UHS student moving to LHS). Please make it known if high school
seniors can stay at their current high school.These options are much better. West Winds would stay at the school that is less than 5 minutes away.Thank you for listening to our neighborhood's previous comments and incorporating them into your final two optionsOption A:
PB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends  GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to LHS.
Allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students.  PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.
Option B: Impacts fewer HS students than Option A.  (Option A/193) (Option B/152)  Moreover, in Option B the impact burden is more equally distributed between Oakdale High School and Urbana High School. Since both OHS and UHS populations contribute to the population growth, it is fair that both schools share the burden of impact.The increase is the LHS District needs to be in balance with the increased growth in Urbana; Option A is too drastic.