The majority of spring ridge is adamantly against our pull into TJMS.   This needs to be reviewed and the new neighborhoods that are closer should be evaluated for going there instead.I like that both options result in my child remaining at her current school; however, I think a better option overall would be for Deer Crossing students to attend NMMS and keep all of the OES kids together, then bring SRES studens from east of the Moncacy to OMS.I wish you would have put us back at Oakdale.I do not like it because it is not the closest school to my neighborhood. Families that live closer to the TJMS on the south side of 144 are bused past my home to OMS while my kids are bused the opposite way past their neighborhood (tulip hill and those adjacent) to TJMS, this seems inefficient and more costly with busses No.Spring ridge residents / students are crossing paths with students who go to the closer Oakdale middle. I think that's wrong. I wish there were a way to keep spring ridge kids at oakdale high for proximity (traffic into town is horrible) and because they'll go to oakdale high anyway. Leaving TJ middle they'll lose a
number of friends whereas they could stay together at the oakdale cluster.One previous option was for PB1 to transition from OES to OMS now it is just the Spring Ridge neighborhood going to GTJMS.  In a previous option they included other communities to enter GTJMS that are closer in proximity than Spring Ridge (PB74, 75, 100 etc).  It is preferred that more than just the Spring Ridge neighborhood be bused across town to alleviate overcrowding issues at OMS which is less than a
couple miles away.They both feel like you didn't take the commute time for these kids into account AT ALLWhile I think most people would prefer to go to a middle school that is closer (Oakdale) than tj, I think it
makes the most sense for springridge to go to tj middle when considering all the factors.NoneYou are putting an entire neighborhood at a higher risk of being involved in an accident due to such a long
bus ride .  That will be on your shoulders if that happens.It makes no sense our neighborhood goes to TJMSI don't think it makes sense to send Spring Ridge to TJ when Oakdale is so close.Our middle school does not change,  With that I feel that our children are being transported by bus to long
and far when there are other zoning block that are in close proximity to the middle school. we live close to a school that take less than 5 minutes to get to and are being forced to travel closer to 30 minutesWhy is Spring Ridge travelling so far when Oakdale is closer and other students that are closer to TJ go to Oakdale.  Just because new developments advertised Oakdale schools does not mean the School Board should put their demands over existing developments.  Maybe this is a monetary thing with the county but
it is ridiculous.Would rather be at Oakdale all the way through being that we are around the corner from there.I don't understand why my child is being separated from her friends from Oakdale to go to TJ Middle.  I drive past the middle school everyday to pick up my child from the elementary school and now she is being
sent to a totally different middle school just to return to Oakdale HighDislike the fact that half of Spring Ridge has to bus so far to TJ when Oakdale is closerI find it completely ridiculous that Spring Ridge is the ONLY neighborhood that has to go across town to go to middle school. It is a 20 min bus ride. Could be 5 min. There are other neighborhoods CLOSER to the
school than spring ridge yet they still go to OMS.It makes no sense that  the Spring Ridge community  goes to TJMS when bigger closer neighborhoods like Tulip Hill and Tallen Ridge go to OMS. Why would the school district pay to bus the Spring Ridge kids out
of the OMS area and bus the Tallen Ridge/Tulip Hill kids from TJMS area to OMS?I hate that we live in spring ridge and live so close to oakdale middle school and have to go to the other side
of town to Thomas Johnson middle school.NoAlthough both options keep our neighborhood together, they both make us travel 20 minutes (with no
traffic) to a middle school when there is a middle school 3 miles away.Option A appears to make the most sense as far as distribution among neighborhoods.Spring Ridge residents should be attending OMS. It makes logistical sense.Spring Ridge is significantly closer to OMS. Compared to some neighborhoods like Tulip Hill and Tallyn
Ridge, they are significantly closer to TJMS.Unfortunately, the redistricting process is inherently flawed because it only involves a portion of the county. This places immediate limitations on where students and communities can attend schools and where individual planning blocks can shift to; thus this process is less responsive to the population growth of the county.  For example, only addressing the portion of students attending TJ Middle residing east of the Monacacy River rather than all students attending, or who could attend, TJ Middle places severe limitations on options for shifting planning blocks to fully utilize TJ Middle.  I don't believe you can adequately or equitably address the redistricting needs of the county by doing a partial redistricting of the county.  We need to get this right.  We need full county redistricting.  It's better to take the time to get it right than to push through a partial attempt that gets it wrong for years to come and that is more costly.  The question is,
who is brave enough to do what's right?Only redistricting part of the county limits where students and communities can attend schools and where individual planning blocks can shift to.  You cannot address the needs of the county by only doing a partial
redistricting of the county.Yes.  SR should attend Oakdale MS.  Why isn't there an option with this possibility?  Options A and B are nearly the same so there is essentially only one option for SR, which makes this survey somewhat of a waste
of time as it doesn't give the public a distinct set of alternatives.