Nothing.We do not like anything about Option A.  We are very unhappy with the suggestion that Windsor Knolls, Holbrook, and Loch Haven will be moved to UES.  This is unacceptable given the distance to the school and splitting up our well-established community and neighborhoods that go well beyond the 3 you have identified to be eliminated from KES.  The newer, highly compacted neighborhoods in urbana and  landsdale should be split up rather than splitting up the well-established neighborhoods that currently go to KES.  Plus, many families either moved away from or did not choose to move to Urbana and Landsdale neighborhoods to avoid the overcrowded elementary schools and specifically chose their home to attend
KES.  Futhermore, the windsor knolls community has a very strong presence in the PTA at KES.NothingI don't like either option but this one is better than option B.nanI literally HATE Option A. It would require my child to spend significantly more time each day to get to
Urbana ES, when KES is much closer and is a school that she is entirely familiar with. I find this plan unacceptable in every way.This seems to be the Best ES option so far in terms of distribution, bus usage, and trying to keep
communities together.My son stays at KemptownUnclearIt looks similar to what the boundary is now.My children remain within a decent distance from schoolPB 179 remains in Kemptown and remains with the planning block it was originally with, maintaining the
community.NO NO NONothing.  It puts my kids at a school that is not local.  This option is horrible.That our child will remain at her current school and half of her school will be on the same feeder path
through high school.We are planning block 29.  I DO NOT like that we would be removed from Kemptown ES.  For the sake of distance, I think Urbana ES is too far from our house compared to Kemptown.  This will increase time on the bus as well as the distance between my son and his classmates.  If most of his classmates live in Urbana area, he will be isolated from them - where as at Kemptown, we share the pool, playgrounds, and area with the community that he sees in school.  PB 29 and
What I DO like about option A is that PB 29 and 167 are together. I also like that my son would meet kids at Urbana ES that would eventually come to WKMS with him and then to Urbana HS.  Since the current HS plans split WKMS between Linganore and Urbana, it would be nice if the kids in PB29 and 167 are able to meet others from the urbana area before the split - which is not currently the case. I also like that you left PB
179 in Kemptown.NOTHING.NOTHING.Option A would NOT be best for our children. It I would mean distance to their elementary school would
double.I believe it balances the populations the best for the future growth of this region of FCPS.Keeping my children at KES1. Balances student population in near and long term.
2. Appears to diversely blend student populationsNothing; it makes my kids go to Urbana Elementary school, which is the fourth-closest to our house.Option A keeps us at Kemptown, Windsor Knolls, and Urbana High.  We chose our other son's daycare center to be close to Kemptown because we have before care for our 6 year old at Kemptown Elementary. Changing him to Twin Ridge would not only remove him from his already established before care center, but require us to go to Green Valley YMCA to drop off our 1 year old and then drive all the way to Twin Ridge to drop our other son off at his before care and then drive over to interstate 70.  It also breaks him away from the children on the other side of Penn Shop Road that live in Manorwood.  We've established a lot of friendships with those families and it seems silly that someone that could walk to our house would be
going to another school.family and lot good friendsIt allows more space at Kemptown in the future, which is good because Kemptown is not yet slated to be
updated or remodeled.DiversityWe are PB 179 and this will keep us in the same elementary areaNothing; it makes my kids go to Urbana Elementary School, which is the fourth-closest to our home.  My kids will have to get on a bus super early.  Also, when redistricting occurs again in five more years, they're
just going to get put back in Kemptown because Urbana is overcrowded.Not ideal.NothingNot a thing.  We live in PB29 and option A has our kids going to Urbana Elementary which is the fourth closest elem. school. There are ~95 K-5 students in our planning block, and to bus them to Urbana is
ludicrous.we are PB 179 and this will keep us in the same elementary areaNothing.  We are in PB29, and option A has our kids going to Urbana Elem.  That is nearly ten miles away,
whereas Kemptown is not four miles.  Urbana is the fourth closest elementary school.Mostly keeps current boundariesNothing.  While Option A may satisfy communities such as the Villages of Urbana, this option creates an unnecessary burden on the Kemptown Elementary School community by displacing 31% of its students (PB29 and PB167) to Urbana Elementary School.  It also limits the growth allowed at UES, which will
become over capacity one year after the implementation of the redistricting.Nothing.  It makes the kids of PB29 bus ten+ miles to school, meaning they're going to be out there in the
dark in the winter.  This is beyond dumb.Nothing.  While Option A may satisfy communities such as the Villages of Urbana, this option creates an unnecessary burden on the Kemptown Elementary School community by displacing 31% of its students (PB29 and PB167) to Urbana Elementary School.  It also limits the growth allowed at UES, which will
become over capacity one year after the implementation of the redistricting.Nothing.  While Option A may satisfy communities such as the Villages of Urbana, this option creates an unnecessary burden on the Kemptown Elementary School community by displacing 31% of its students (PB29 and PB167) to Urbana Elementary School.  It also limits the growth allowed at UES, which will
become over capacity one year after the implementation of the redistricting.I do not like the idea at all. Why is it even a consideration to remove students from Kemptown Elementary and move them to Urbana where the impact will be detrimental to both schools? Removing 126 students from KES will increase class size there and there is no projected growth in that area. Urbana elementary school will already be at 102% capacity within a year of redistricting. Why disrupt students and families in the Kemptown feeder to add to this only to send them back to WKMS then back to Urbana high? It doesnt
make sense and goes against the policy that BOE dictates.Going to LinganorenothingNothing.  While Option A may satisfy communities such as the Villages of Urbana, this option creates an unnecessary burden on the Kemptown Elementary School community by displacing 31% of its students (PB29 and PB167) to Urbana Elementary School.  It also limits the growth allowed at UES, which will
become over capacity one year after the implementation of the redistricting.Nothing.  It makes my kids (PB29) get bused over ten miles to Urbana Elementary school.Nothing.  While Option A may satisfy communities such as the Villages of Urbana, this option creates an unnecessary burden on the Kemptown Elementary School community by displacing 31% of its students (PB29 and PB167) to Urbana Elementary School.  It also limits the growth allowed at UES, which will
become over capacity one year after the implementation of the redistricting.Keeps my kids at Kemptown, which is the closest school to my house.Nothing.Nothing.  It makes my kids (PB29) be bused more than ten miles to school.PB179 stays in the KES districtNothing.  It makes my kids (PB29) have to be bused ten+ miles to Urbana Elem, meaning they'd be OUT
THERE IN THE DARK IN WINTER!!nanWe need a new option for this KES community. neither is acceptable.That it keeps us at kemptown for elementary schoolI do not like this option at all, it splits our elementary school unnecessarily.  It drops kemptown and overcrowds the other schools, removing my daughters close friends from our school at an important time in
her young life.Nothing. While Option A may satisfy communities such as the Villages of Urbana, this option creates an unnecessary burden on the Kemptown Elementary School community by displacing 31% of its students (PB29 and PB167) to Urbana Elementary School. It also limits the growth allowed at UES, which will become over capacity one year after the implementation of the
redistrictingThat my kids would stay at kemptown ESNothing.  The kids in PB29 will be bused 10+ miles to an overcrowded Urbana when they should be
attending Kemptown.NothingI like that it keeps my family in KemptownNot a thing.  It takes kids out of Kemptown Elementary and gets them on buses for 10+ miles to go to
Urbana Elementary which will be overcrowded in two years.I don't like option A at all. Removing students from Kemptown into a growing area when Kemptown has
little to no planned growth does not make any sense.Nothing. Kemptown students should be kept together. Windsor knolls and Lockhaven neighborhoods should not be dragged to Urbana elementary which is continuing to grow and will be overcrowded within
the first year it opens while Kemptown will be under capacity.I like option B better. For A, I am neutral.Still going to Urbana HighNothing.  It takes nearly 30% of Kemptown Elementary and buses them more than ten miles to Urbana
Elementary.NothingThis option makes not sense to Kemptown Elementary school students.  Projected growth within this part of the county does not align with redistricting children out of the KES boundary, especially to Urbana Elementary School
o Limited growth planned in the KES district (13 undeveloped lots; 6 projected additional elementary school children)
o Significant growth planned in UES district (136 undeveloped lots; 251 projected additional elementary school students)
o This option projects Urbana Elementary school at 102% capacity within a year of redistricting (2020 school year)
o Estimated capacity for Urbana Elementary goes up to 115% by 2028.  Moving children from KES exasperates the need and frequency for redistricting this area and does not allow UES the room to grow it so desperately needs
o Option A creates a double split feeder pattern for only 2 neighborhoods (Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven)
o Children in these two neighborhoods will split from elementary school to middle school (between Windsor Knolls MS and Urbana MS)
o 66% of the children that split are from Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven to WKMS
o It appears that the Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven Neighborhoods are being used as pawns to balance out the elementary to middle school feeder pattern split at the disadvantage of our children.
o Children are then split again at the middle school to high school level from WKMS between Urbana High School and Linganore High SchoolI do not agree with any part of option A.NothingnothingDo not like this option at all.no commentsLike this option as our area still feeds to KemptownI do not feel option A benefits students in the Kemptown attendance area, but does meet the needs of UES
attendance area by eliminating the splitting of their community - which would be preferably.No change for meI think the Kemptown cluster should stay as it is.That my kids stay at kemptownNothing.  It buses the kids from PB29 to Urbana Elementary, which is more than ten miles away.  So my
kids would be on a bus in the dark in winter,don't have elementary school agesNothing.  While Option A may satisfy communities such as the Villages of Urbana, this option creates an unnecessary burden on the Kemptown Elementary School community by displacing 31% of its students (PB29 and PB167) to Urbana Elementary School.  It limits the growth allowed at UES, which will become over capacity one year after the implementation of the redistricting.  Additionally, it causes PB29 and PB167 to undergo two feeder splits (one from elementary to middle, then again from middle to high school), which socially isolates these two Planning blocks.  There is no planned development in the KES boundary, and due to the restriction of waterlines run from the Potomac River Water Service Agreement, there will be no developments with access to non-well water and sewer services, which limits properties to the 1-2 acre
single family homes on private land sales.Keeps communities together but it does pull kids out of Kemptown ES which is not over utilized right now
and for the foreseeable future compared to Urbana ES.Would appreciate consideration of a new draft.I do not like draft A as it separates my neighborhood from attending KES and has my children transferring
to UES.My child doesn't have to move schoolsI am not in favor of this option at all.  It pulls our children (Windsor knolls/ Loch Haven) into an already
overcrowded Urbana area, and leave Kemptown at 71% capacity and underutilized.That we stay at KemptownThis option is bad for the kids of Kemptown Elementary.  Why are you emptying out Kemptown to
populate Urbana?  Is it to appease the parents of the villages, who don't want their kids to go perhaps anFor my street A & B would be the sameI do not like Option A.I do not support option A at all. In Option A:  Per the FCPS 2019 Projected Enrollment, Kemptown Elementary School is projected to have 422 students enrolled.  Redistricting PB29 and PB167 to UES would remove 126 students from KES.  Assuming equal distribution, that is approximately 21 children per grade (K-5) removed from KES.  For 1st grade current enrollment is 49 students. Future enrollment projection estimates a growth of 5 students, though this class size has remained at 49 students for 2 years now (Kindergarten and 1st grade).  Removing 21 students creates a class size of 33 students.  This is highly detrimental to their learning, as large class sizes is what we are trying to avoid in redistricting in the first place.  While this grade level example assumes equal division among grades with the removal of 126 KES students under Option A of the current proposal, it is possible that some grades may lose more children than others causing disproportionate class sizes.
Option A creates a double split feeder pattern for only 2 neighborhoods (Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven) o Children in these two neighborhoods will split from elementary school to middle school (between Windsor Knolls MS and Urbana MS)
o 66% of the children that split are from Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven to WKMS
o It appears that the Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven Neighborhoods are being used as pawns to balance out the elementary to middle school feeder pattern split at the disadvantage of our children.
o Children are then split again at the middle school to high school level from WKMS between Urbana High School and Linganore High School
Option A reduces Kemptown Elementary School (KES) Enrollment by 31% and moves 126 children from 2 neighborhoods (Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven) to Urbana Elementary School (UES)
o 31% of KES equates to 21 children per grade, or essentially one classroom per gradeNothing.  It takes 29% of Kemptown and puts them three times as far away in Urbana, which will be
overcrowded in two years.  This is dumb.Children in my neighborhood would go to a new ESNothing.  It buses the kids from PB29 more than ten miles to a school (Urbana) that will be overcrowded in
two years.I am in PB 179. I LIKE that PB 9 and PB 179 are together and still attending Kemptown. I DO NOT like that PB 29 and PB 167 are no longer at Kemptown. This scenario brings the school utilization way down. It will result in less parent involvement/engagement due to lower numbers of students and the significant involvement that the parents from PB 29 and PB 167 currently provide. There are currently a significant number of parental volunteers from these planning blocks. They are also heavily involved in after school activities and fundraising for the PTA. It would be a shame and disservice to Kemptown to remove these planning blocks from the school.  It will also likely result in higher classroom sizes. This will grossly under
utilize the school and most certainly have a negative impact on the children that remain.We do not like this option, and are incredibly saddened to see this.  This move will move Windsor Knolls/Loch Haven neighborhoods - planning blocks 29 and 167 - to Urbana ES.  Doing this will lead to larger class sizes, less volunteers, a skeletonized school, diminished PTA support, and significant disruption to our children.  It takes KES down to only 71% capacity, while moving kids to an already over populated area.  There is very little projected growth within the KES boundary, so our KES would stay relatively the same, and would allow UES growth in the coming years which they so desperately need.  This option also develops into a double split feeder pattern - Our children would go to UES, then would move back to WKMS (just our two planning blocks), and attend WKMS with kids from UES, KES, and Green Valley, and then WKMS would split between UHS and LHS.  IF PB 29 and 167 stay at KES, it allows for future growth in the Urbana area without adding to an overcrowding problem at UES.  Our KES community has proposed  an additional option to create relief at both UES and Twin Ridge ES - to keep KES the boundaries that they
currently are, to allow for full utilization of Kemptown Elementary School.The option takes into account future areas of growth reasonably well for the Urbana area.Option A makes no sense for the kids of PB29.  Busing our kids ten + miles to Urbana Elem makes no sense.Absolutely NOTHING.  Below are supported arguments AGAINST Option A. From an objective point of view, it seems the most nonsensical of the options for all concerned. For us, Option A poses many concerns that should be of a concern to the Board as they are in stark contrast to the aims and objectives of the 200.2 C Redistricting Rule.
1. #9 Impact on School Capacity & #10 Instructional and Operational Capacity of Involved Schools & #2 Frequency of Redistricting:  Option A reduces enrollment at KES and contributes to the enrollment burden at UES.
Option A reduces Kemptown Elementary School (KES) enrollment by 31% and moves 126 children from 2 neighborhoods (Windsor Knolls-PB 29 and Loch Haven - PB 167) to Urbana Elementary School (UES).
Projected growth within this part of the county does not align with redistricting children out of the KES boundary, especially to Urbana Elementary School. There is limited growth planned in the KES district (13 undeveloped lots; 6 projected additional elementary school children). However, there is significant growth planned in the UES district (136 undeveloped lots; 251 projected additional elementary school students).
Option A projects Urbana Elementary school at 102% capacity within a year of redistricting (2020 school year). Estimated capacity for Urbana Elementary goes up to 115% by 2028.  Moving children from KES exasperates the need and frequency for redistricting this area and does not allow UES the room to grow which it so desperately needs.
In Option A, moving PB29 and PB167 to UES from KES is a grave mistake.  The projected 2020 enrollment at UES is 102%, one year after redistricting.  Moreover, the projected 2028 enrollment at 115%.  This escalation will likely result in future redistricting as the growth in the Urbana area increases.
Conversely, the projected enrollment at KES with its current 2018-2019 boundary remains below 91% into 2028 with projected enrollment from the June 2018 EFMP Study.  It is unclear why the drastic enrollment projection numbers were updated in the June 2019 EFMP Study, with no planned or future developments in the KES boundary and only 13 undeveloped single-family lots currently available.  The June 2019 EFMP predicts an additional 100 students over the course of the next ten years, while the 2018 EFMP Study predicts steady enrollment at or under the SRC for KES.  The KES enrollment averages between 70-80% over the course of 10 years with no steady or extreme growth with the current boundary in place (2018 EFMP Study).  There is no publicly documented proof, or explanation of the moderate to large growth the 2019 EFMP predicts in the KES district.
As of the June 2019 EFMP report, there are 136 undeveloped lot in UES boundary and 13 in KES boundary. Future enrollment numbers per development (per Cropper GIS) are 6 elementary students in the KES boundary and 251 elementary students in the UES boundary.  This development will lead to significant growth expected within the UES boundary and adding PB29 and PB167 to the UES boundary will only exacerbate the problem and lead to future redistricting sooner.  PB29 and PB167 currently have 126 elementary school students within them.  This is a significant burden on the UES boundary.  Thus, moving students in PB29 (currently 96 students) from Kemptown Elementary is irresponsible in looking forward at future growth and school capacity needs.
Moving 2 planning blocks (PB29 and PB167) to UES adds to an already overcrowded school unnecessarily. This leads to the likelihood of large-scale redistricting in the near future as well as highly overcrowded schools.  However, leaving the KES boundary the way it is during the 2018-2019 academic year allows for the much-needed additional growth within the UES boundary, as shown in the projected enrollment data over the course of the next ten years.
Not moving PB29 and PB167 allows growth for UES without impacting capacity rates at KES.  The room these students would occupy would be better used for planned growth patterns, rather than the high probability they would be moved back and forth in the near future.  This would greatly impact our children (both the children at KES and UES) by increasing the number of times neighborhoods are redistricted, resulting in instability in neighborhoods and continued disruption of assigned feeder patterns.  Not only does moving children out of the current KES boundary do a great disservice to our children, but it would serve to exacerbate the problems this redistricting study is working so hard to resolve.
Option A Reduces KES Enrolment by 31% and Does Not Benefit UES. Option A does an Immense Disservice to KES Enrollment and Utilization for a Negligible Difference for UES in Option A.
In Option A Kemptown Elementary loses 31% of its 2018-2019 Estimated Enrollment - an extreme and unnecessary reduction.The difference between Option A and B is negligible for Urbana Elementary - a mere 3% difference in
reduction for Urbana between the two options, whereas the difference between Option and Option B for Kemptown Elementary is a startling 22% difference.
Why require KES to suffer a 31% reduction in plan A, when Urbana only gains a 3% relief?
1. Option A reduces Kemptown Elementary's Equated Enrollment from 102% to 71%. Option B reduces Kemptown's Equated Enrollment to 93%.
2. Option A reduces Urbana Elementary's Equated Enrollment from 103% to 91%. Option B reduces Urbana's Enrollment to 94% - a mere 3% difference.
2. #3 Proximity to Schools, in order to Maximize Walkers and Minimize Distance or Time of Bus Runs & #1 Educational Welfare of Students:
Option A harms KES students in PB 167 and PB 29, compromising their educational welfare with longer bus runs due to reduced proximity and puts elementary aged children (5+) at risk on bus stops in the dark in winter.
The distance between Kemptown Elementary and  PB167 (Loch Haven) is 2.5 miles; the distance between KES and PB 29 (Windsor Knolls) is only up to 4 miles. However, the distance between PB29 and PB 167 and Urbana Elementary is 12 miles.  Elementary students (as young as 5) riding the bus would be required to start their day earlier.  Currently, the students are picked up at 8:15 a.m.  The closest Urbana Elementary bus stop is currently on Fire Tower Lane (15 minutes from PB29), and their bus pickup is currently at 8:09 am. It is likely a bus pickup for PB29 would be close to 7:40 a.m. for elementary students (which is the time many middle school students in PB29 are walking to school).  In the winter, it is not light at 7:40 am, and this time much earlier than PB29s current bus pickup.  Placing elementary school children in the dark and at a middle school hour is irresponsible.  The early hour places KES students at another disadvantage to their new UES peers and undermines an equitable learning opportunity, as most will have been on the bus for more than double the time than if they had been permitted to stay at their neighborhood school. The run time and distance of busses would be greatly increased with this position, as Urbana Elementary school is the furthest elementary school in the Urbana High School feeder pattern from PB29.
Option A does NOT provide KES students proximity to UES, the school to which they would be newly redistricted under Option A. In addition, the lack of proximity to UES creates more problems: earlier start times for KES students and longer bus runs.
3. #7 Established Feeder Patterns: Option A creates a double split feeder pattern for only 2 neighborhoods (Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven).
Option A directly goes against the aims and objectives under the 200.2 rule.  ***Optimally, the FCPS redistricting committee stated that they found two redistricting splits disruptive; the committee prefers no more than one split.  Option A is, thus, in direct contrast to the aims of the LOU Redistricting Committee.***
Children in these two neighborhoods will initially split from KES to UES; then they will split from UES to middle school (between Windsor Knolls MS and Urbana MS). 66% of the children that split are from Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven to WKMS. Specifically, my child (will be starting fourth grade at the time of redistricting) who has been at her home school at KES for four years will be sent to Urbana Elementary for two years. Then, after adjusting there, she will be sent back to Windsor Knolls Middle to reacquaint herself with former friends - only to be split again two years later, when half of the Windsor Knolls Middle population goes to Urbana High School and the other half to Linganore High School.
It appears that the Windsor Knolls and Loch Haven Neighborhoods are being used as pawns to balance out the elementary to middle school feeder pattern split at the disadvantage of our children. Children are then split again at the middle school to high school level from WKMS between Urbana High School and Linganore High School.
In Option A Centerville ES does have 330 students moving to another school; however, it is important to note that the other two schools to which they are moving, Sugarloaf ES and Urbana ES, are both located in Urbana. All three schools are within a mile or a mile and a half from each other. Whereas, the other students affected by Option A (students from four other schools including Kemptown Elementary) would be redistricted to a different school not within their community. Unlike the student populations in Urbana they face the challenges of a of a new school, as well as a new community! In addition, such a move also adds an earlier start time to their day if they are bused to Urbana. A larger school, being ripped from their social
environment, and beginning their day earlier and more fatigued does not create an equitable learning environment for former KES students who will be adjusting socially, distracted by larger environments, and
tired before their day begins.
4. #2 Frequency of Redistricting & #7 Established Feeder Patterns & #8 Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities:
In summary, the Kemptown Community bears an unnecessary and undue redistricting burden under Option A. When one considers that the Kemptown community, which matriculates to WKMS, will be split between LHS and UHS, it is unjust to further split this community at the young elementary level as well. For, in Option A, some students will be plucked from Kemptown Elementary School (where some will have attended for four years) and redistricted to Urbana Elementary School; then, they are removed from the Urbana Community back to their former KES community at Windsor Knolls Middle, only to be split a third time between Linganore High School and Urbana High.
***Optimally, the FCPS redistricting committee stated that they found two redistricting splits disruptive; the committee prefers no more than one split.  Option A is, thus, in direct contrast to the aims of the LOU Redistricting Committee.***  Option B better supports the aims of the committee, for it affords a more sensible opportunity; in maintaining the current boundary for PB29 and PB167, it maintains only one split of the KES community at the high school level, permitting 100% of their elementary school to move to WKMS and ensuring feeder patterns are not excessively disrupted.
5. #6. Operating and Capital Costs:
It is likely that longer bus runs from UES to PB29 and PB167 will result in higher maintenance and operational costs overall.
6. #8 Impact on Neighborhoods and Communities: Undue Burden on KES under Option A:
Elementary School Option Impacts – Not What It Appears To Be: Although the student impact estimates show that ES Option A impacts 1,450 students, whereas ES Option B impacts 1,538 students, when one closely examines the communities, the numbers are misleading.
In Option A and Option B the following schools remain unaffected, insofar as the Number of K-5th Live-In Students remains the same in both plans: Deer Crossing ES, Oakdale ES, Spring Ridge ES, Twin Ridge ES, and Urbana ES.
Affected Elementary Schools: Centerville ES, Green Valley ES, Kemptown ES, Liberty ES, and New Market ES.
A. Urbana Elementary Impact is Negligible in Option B, as the Urbana Community  Remains Intact:
In Option A Centerville ES does have 131 more students not moving to another school; however, it is important to note that the other two schools to which they are moving, Sugarloaf ES and Urbana ES, are both located in Urbana. All three schools are within a mile or a mile and a half from each other.
Whereas, the other students affected by Option A (students from four other schools including Kemptown Elementary) would be redistricted to a different school not within their community. Unlike the student populations in Urbana they face the challenges of a of a new school, as well as a new community!
B.  In the remaining affected schools, who would be redistricting students to other schools outside their community, Option A negatively impacts KES students the most.
The other schools affected by redistricting under Option A are Green Valley ES, Kemptown ES, Liberty ES, and New Market ES.  The difference between Option A and Option B for live in students affected bears the greatest on Kemptown Elementary. (The difference between both options is noted below)
Green Valley ES: 33 Kemptown ES: 88
Liberty ES: 3  New Market ES: 9
Option A does move fewer Green Valley Elementary students (33 fewer) than Option B. However, Option A impacts more Kemptown Elementary students – 126, whereas only 38 students from KES are redistricted in Option B.Reduces population of Kemptown, less wear and tear on the school, more attention can be paid to 504 kidsNothing.I do not like draft A as it separates my neighborhood from attending KES and has my children transferring
to UES.I do not like option A. It separates my neighborhood from the rest of the community.NothingNothing.  It empties out Kemptown elementary by 29% and buses them three times as far to a school
(Urbana) that will be overcrowded even without them.