Option A keeps the students going to Centervillemy children will be in the same school that they have started; my before and aftercare providers will be able
to still help my children, and they will not be psychologically stressThe feeder pattern; the elementary options have areas of the neighborhood togetherI love this option.  The borders make sense.  Students aren't traveling long distances.  Students are in schools
in their communities.Kids are assigned to elementary schools based on near proximity in the Urbana area. The total number of kids being affected in Option A for the Urbana area is the lower than Option B. In addition, the predicted
utilization in future years for Option A makes more sense than Option B.It keeps children in Centerville still togetherThis option is fantastic.  It keeps neighborhoods together, it reduces time on busses, it makes minimal
changes to students.The borders of the maps keep streets and neighborhoods closer together.  Students are with their neighbors.
This option keeps students attending elementary schools closer to them.I like this option.  It does not affect many students.  It keeps students together for elementary / middle
(better than B).It keeps Urbana Highlands together, but that is not a priority.Sugarloaf will be taking students from Urbana and Sugarloaf.  There is more of a balance.It keeps all the kids in our neighborhood within the neighborhood schoolsKeeps Urbana kids in Urbana Schools, my child would attend the closest elementary school to our homeI live in PB 145, so I like Option A because it keeps us at Centerville, where my children currently attend
and where my sons have IEP's set up already and we know the staff.nanProximityProximityMy children are able to walk to school as they do now.More students who would be moving from Centerville get to stay together even if they are moved to
Sugarloaf Elementary School.That it will be a brand new school.Approve.  Keeps the villages together and going to closest school geographicallyI am indifferent on the ES drafts.  I like that Centerville and Sugarloaf are under capacity.It places my kid in s new schoolKeep Kids in the neighborhood in one schoolThe people in the closest proximity to CES will continue to walk a few blocks to school.I like that it keeps our planning block at Centerville ESTHAT WE ARE STAYING IN CENTERVILLE ES. I MOVED TO THE VOU LAST JUNE FOR THE SCHOOLS IN ADDITION OF FINDING OUT AT TIME OF PURCHASE OF MY HOME THAT I HAD TO
PAY EXTRA TAXES FOR LIVING IN THIS AREAEVERYTHINGVillage of Urbana should not be dividedMy house is on Shawfield Lane and my children currently walk to school (it is <0.5 mile). They will still be able to walk to school with Option A. Plus, kids who are already bused from PB141 to Centerville can be
bused to Sugarloaf instead which doesn't change their transportation method.My child is a walker and will likely remain a walker in both options.  Centerville is less than 0.25 miles from our home and Sugarloaf is 1.8 miles from our home.  Plus, I would not want my fifth grader walking that
distance and across the busier streets.It keeps our kids in Urbana, it provides a bus, and they will go to the very newest school.Don't like it - it forces residents of my neighborhood to travel too far for ES. There is only one route to the
Sugarloaf ES and it will take too long.I don't like itIt is uniform and consistent with the neighborhood lines. Excellent plan!! Just perfect!!NothingKeeping Urbana Students within Urbana SchoolsMy children would stay at their current elementary school where they are comfortable and happy. They
would stay with their peers, including our next door neighbors. They can still walk to school.It keeps children in Centerville still togetherContinuityStay at Centerville Elementary. 1/4 mile from my house. Not sure I would want a second grader walking 1.5
miles to sugarloafKeeps Urbana students in home school locationsProximity to CES.Keeping kids with their current school friendsI like that this option keeps my children at Centerville ES and does not break up the Highlands
neighborhood.That my son stays at CES for his 5th grade yearI don't care for my child changing ES in 4th grade when he has 1 year left. He would end up in UES isolated
from all he knows and sent further away. NOT fair to do!!!!I like both options for elementary schools as I am confident and comfortable with all the Urbana elementary
schools and they are all close in proximity.Keeping majority of the kids at the same elementary school they've been at, closest to their homes.We can walk to elementary schoolWe are within a short walking distance to Centerville. Our daughter is already attending Centerville and
our youngest will be going this fall.We live within very close proximity to Centerville, our older son and middle daughter attend there and our
oldest will go there this fall, we know the system, teachers and the leadership of the school.keeps my children together; the reason of moving to Urbanathe benefit of my childrenThis is the best option.  Keeps the community together.The cutoff is around sugarloaf streetProximity to our house and keep our kids togetherI like ES Option AMy kids would still be within easy walking distance to their elementary school.My child would stay at his current elementary school which takes 5 mins to walk to!geographically it makes sense for those kids to be at the assigned schoolI think it is greatIt keeps my kids in the same school.Looks like it maximizes walkers.I do not like this option as it requires my child to drive past his current school, Centerville ES, to get to his newly designated school, Sugarloaf.  There is only one way out of our section, planning block 141, and he
would have to drive past CES.  Also, walking would never be an option.I do not like this option as it doesn't do enough for the overcrowding.Keeping the kids residing in Urbana. I work 40 miles away. If my child misses the bus they could still walk
home. If we are bussed out of the neighborhood this would no longer be an option.It keeps the kids together.It seems to be less crowded at ES levelsCauses longer bus rides for my kidsIt keep kids who can walk to centerville at centerville, instead of Sugarloaf.i LIKE THIS.Keeps my area kids at Centerville and follows the criteria of proximity to schools!EverythingVery happy that we stay in the schools we are currently zoned in.NONEI oppose ES Option ALogical, manages overcrowding bestLessen the impact of people driving to a closer school to go another further school by passing the closer school.
Keeps everyone in the Urbana Planned Unit Development/Special Property Tax district at the Elementary Schools  This is the reason why many live in the PUD to stay in the neighborhood school rather than a adjoining neighborhood school.  Additionally, this is one of the weighted factor in purchasing in the PUD and pay more in taxes.  This plan will not greatly affect the social aspect with the children by separating
their neighborhood friends within the Urbana PUD.I don't like option AKeeping the kids together and letting them walk since it's close. Option B has kids walking far that can
easily walk to school now.While I'm not a huge fan of either elementary plan, this one at least seems somewhat less divisive and has
less kids having to change schools.Our community stays intactI want this one.I don't agree with ES Option A, it is just the initial concept 2 and future projection is not consideredI like that it offers the least disruption and keeps our current community togetherIt keeps my son at Centerville ElementaryI do not support Option A as the kids in my area will have to go to sugarloaf instead of CES - even though
CES is closest to my home.I don't like the fact that we would no longer be a 1/2 mile from elementary school and now will be 2 miles.
My children have walked and/or rode their bikes to CES which won't be doable to Sugarloaf.goodWe stay at Centerville, which is closer to our home.Nothing! I find it ridiculous that we were walkers and now will have to be bused. And would find it WAY
too unsafe for them to be walkers that new distance.Keeps neighborhoods togetherthat is the school why I move to Urbana.yes pleaseMy kids will stay in the school that is the closest to our housegoodNoOption A has fewer number of students being impacted. It provides capacity relief for most of the ES in the
area.that my children would be able to all be in the same school, that my daycare provider will be the same, and
the reason why I moved to urbana paying extra property taxesIt maximizes adjacent areas of the Villages of Urbana going to the same school.this is perfect for my family and the benefit of my children. they will be able to all stay in the same school
and keep their friends in addition to keeping the community togethernanEveryone in Urbana stays in Urbana.Nothing.Impacts the fewest number of K-5th grade students.It minimizes the distance from the homes for the elementary. Even in the bus areas, people like to walk our
kids to school on nice days.keeps all of Urbana in one of the three Urbana Elementary schoolsIt fixes capacity issuesEveryone is togethereverythingNot a good option. Cutting out half of Sugarloaf pkwy and sending 0.3 ml walkers to a 1.3 school it's terribleI like that I get to keep my child at their current elementary school. I don't love that the neighborhood in the
back is split in the Villages of Urbana.All of the houses in the eastern side of Urbana going to same elementary school. Currently our kids go to
Centerville and we like to keep everything the same.All of the houses in the eastern side of Urbana going to same elementary school. Currently our kids go to
Centerville and we like to keep everything the same.ProximityThis allows my kids to remain in the local area with the kids they have become friends with.School close to home. No change.That is makes our community whole again.would prefer if they stay in CenetrvilleLike attending the nearest school for accessibility and safety.My child can walk to school in 10 minutes with her friends.Nothing, it's crazy that you would move children that can walk safely to their elementary school to a school that they to.  This is going to make parents life miserable and people have to work how are we supposed to work around this?  These children that live between CES and the BushCreek area all walk home together
safely.  This is completely absurd to change that when they are barely 1/2 a mile from the school.Keeps my child at CentervilleIt keeps the kids closest to Centerville Elementary school who are within walking distance.Option A keeps more of the Centerville Community together and only moves students currently at CES to Sugarloaf ES rather than to either Urbana or Sugarloaf. District borders seem more logically drawn so that
fewer students have to be bussed past CES to a different school.Keeps more of the area immediately adjacent to Centerville Elem at that school.Keeps my children at the same school - CentervilleThat my children will go to Centerville where they at now, they will not have to change schools and go for another change in their lives after having a baby sister father deployed to Afghanistan and moving to a new
county to be able to attend Centerville.School proximity will keep bus times lowwe . stay in centervilleWe keep same elementary school and most friendsKeeps us at Centerville ESIt encompasses more actual walkers for Centerville ES, meaning fewer kids being driven or bussed to
Sugarloaf or Centerville ES.The plans seem to be more logical at all levels. No preference on either.It is very close and convenientDRAFT Option A keeps more students in the walking distance (PB138) to Centerville ES.Everything stays the sameOption A is not acceptable to those that are closest to Centerville Elementary. Currently, we are in walking distance of Centerville and with this option, us (on Shafers Mill) and many others who are in homes who have been part of this neighborhood for years longer than the homes down the hill are being bused off to Sugarloaf. We purchased our home because of it's walking proximity to Centerville.
This creates additional expenses for the Frederick County to bus students that otherwise would be able to walk. Additionally, for those who do not feel the bus systems is ideal, this will incur additional cost for our household due to current carpooling options that will be removed because students will be in different schools. Myself, along with the parents who live on Shafers Mill, Charterhouse and the other aspects of this neighborhood who will be bused to Sugarloaf when we can walk to Centerville will proceed with legal action regarding our students and the adverse effects of being bused in terms of safety, the length of day,
etc.This keeps the villages of Urbana intact (east side in CES district).  It doesn't divide neighborhoods as much.That we will stay in Centerville ESSame school. Better for my kid. No changeClose to our house. Good teachers and safe environment. My boys are going to school with their after school
friends from Urbana.Proposed boundaries closest to current boundaries. Keeps most of community the same.I like the idea since our kids can stay at the same school in the Villages of  Urbana. No bus pickup/drop-off will cause a lot of traffic going on in the neighborhood & the safety concerns to more students who walk to
school everyday then.Proximity, friends stay in same school, same environment for past three years.The line divides seem a little choppy on this concept.My children still go to Centerville and can walk theremy kid is already going CES, he would like to continue same school forSame Elementry schoolOption A is better than option B.I like that my children stay at their current elementary school as well as a good amount of the homes around
us.  This option seems to be the least disruptive of the two.Option A is preferable, because it almost satisfies my primary condition that schools be assigned based primarily on walking distance (about 1 mile) from primary residence, even if students are in a bus zone, or don't choose to walk. It is also the most rational option in the way that it divides the core Villages of Urbana and Urbana Highlands communities.
However, there remains the question of why so few students from outside the Villages of Urbana are assigned to Sugarloaf ES. Why do Urbana ES, and to a lesser extent Centerville, have such a far flung reach into the larger Urbana area, but Sugarloaf is restricted to only the Villages of Urbana? This option seems
unbalanced for that reason.Does not like option A. It does not consider road access to new Sugarloaf schoolKeeps areas together, makes most sense.It keeps kids who can walk to Centerville at Centerville. It doesn't break up Addison Woods like Option B does. My daughter is a walker who walks to the home of a neighbor and receives after school care from a family who is being redistricted in Option B. People have already established carpools that are being destroyed by Option B. Please let kids who are walkers continue to attend the school they can walk to. It seems like financially this would make the most sense as well. Parents consider walking vs busing when buying a house and yet this plan ignores that and takes kids who are walkers to Centerville and puts them on a bus (I assume because my child would never be permitted to walk that distance and cross all those
busy and dangerous streets and intersections).