Being part of a straight feeder system to middle school might be nice, but filling the East County Elementary
with kids from the northern part of Lake Linganore makes the most sense to me.Please go with option BOption B PLEASE !!!!!!!!Best optionWith option A the elementary kids from twin ridge will be split at middle school which is not favorable.
Option B allows the kids on our street to stay with the same group of kids at new market es and ms.My vote is for West Winds to stay at NMESWest Winds should stay at New Market ESEither scenery has my kids going to a good elementary school.  Both options send us to LHS which is our
main priority.  We live in West Winds.Option B is best!  I like that fact that SRES will be moving the pyramid program out, great choice to relieve
overcrowding for them.Prefer option AI think if Option B is chosen, some communication with Westwinds (PB146) residents needs to happen. It
would be the third time in less than 10 years that this community switches ES assignment...There is too much on the interactive map for me to clearly understand what will take place with my kids.
Parents need a less complicated version. I tried to search by my address but was unable to enter it.Either option is finePlease see above. Yes to Option A. No to Option B. Please adhere to your redistricting criteria.I would prefer the West Winds neighborhood continue w/the New Market to Linganore feeder system, but my youngest is nearly through New Market Elem so we will not be affect. However, the neighborhood
really is part of the New Market community, even if it's under the LLA umbrella.NoWe want Option BWith youth sports programs and other activities that cross elementary school borders, I'd be less concerned
about split elementary feeder patterns.Please do no re-district West Winds againI think that option A is the best option and does the most to plan for future population growth.Just that any further refinements be made public before final decisions and presentationsThe homes on Woodville Rd, silver Fern, & Jessie Smith have been there for 20-100 years.  Our homes did not cause the overpopulation problem the overdevelopment without the proper infrastructure did.  Also, our children don't live in a neighborhood when you shift them over to TRES (my daughter would be for 1 year & son 2 years) then send them back to NMMS it really makes it tough.  They will be outcasts coming into the school.  Then when they get home they won't have the outlet to decompress (go find friends in the neighborhood) we have to coordinate play dates which people don't do during the week for many reasons.  I think shifting the magnet program to TRES makes more sense since it's under capacity.  Also, their bus schedule will coincide better with the magnet program.  Personally, I think the program should be removed
completely but this isn't the forum.  I think it's pretty unfair that the rural kids get shifted... The 1st 3 options it wasn't even on the radar until apparently one of the new neighborhoods made a fuss.  It might seem juvenile but we've been here first, our homes are well established and we have been putting our money into
FC taxes much longer.  We should get a bigger vote.Option A is a bad plan because of the enrollment number of students and it causes over crowdingI dont like option A because it would change our ES from NMES to TRES.  I have a soon to be 2nd grade foster daughter who we are going to be adopting this year and she has been through too much trauma this past year and changing schools again will have a detrimental impact on her and cause additional and unnecessary trauma.  This is a child who is having severe struggles with making connections and if she
were to change schools it will be a major issue for her.  We live at 6113 Woodville Road.  Please keep us in New Market Elementary School and go with option B.Option A would require elementary students to separate at the transition to middle school, which is a
bummer.I am concerned about option A in regards to projected enrollment numbers.  Twin Ridge will be over capacity immediately, as too many students are moved to that school.  By 2021, option A has 4 schools with a projected enrollment of 100% or greater, with one school reaching 125%.
Also, my child will be moved from NMES in either 3rd or 4th grade to attend Twin Ridge.  She will then be at Twin Ridge for a few years and then will again be separated from classmates to return to New Market Middle School (with only 35% attending New Market and 65% attending Windsor Knolls).  Students who were moved from social groups will again have to leave their friends - this affects the same group of
students twice in a very short period of time.