Option B keeps kids at Centervillenothing because my children will be separated from their friends in addition of when the school will be
finishThe feeder patternThe borders don't make as much sense to me - especially with Urbana Middle School.  It seems like Urbana
Middle School gets the 'leftovers'Kids in the Urbana Highlands are assigned to the Urbana ES which is further away than the Centerville ES. Also, the total number of kids being affected in Option B is higher than Option A. In the long run, the predicted utilization for the Centerville ES goes down to about 75%, but the predicted utilization for the
Urbana ES goes up to around 105%. Option B is not appealing in the long run.nothing - children currently going there will be bused further with option BI do NOT like this option.NothingNothingOption B takes a small amount of children who know each other from Centerville and moves them into Sugarloaf.  This isolates them.  This also takes students on one side of the street and sends them to Urbana,
and the other to Sugarloaf.  Option A is a better option.It keeps all the kids in our neighborhood within the neighborhood schoolsKeeps Urbana kids in Urbana Schools, my child would attend a new schoolI live in PB 145, so I am not happy about switching schools which would entail us reworking and setting up
meetings with new staff to have my children supported.nanES is not close and logistically doesn't work.Does not make senseI don't like option B because despite my house on Shawfield Lane being only 3-4 blocks from Centerville they would have to go to Sugarloaf. My children would no longer be able to walk to school and a bus would
be needed to take them to a school that is not walking distance.I do not like option B as it takes only a small about of CES kids and moves them to a new school..That it will be a brand new school.Nothing.  NE corner or Villages, now at Centerville have to traverse 2 areas to get to ES on other side of
Urbana.  Dumb.  Put E Urbana and new Villages at those schools.  why isolate our area? Look at the map.I am indifferent on the ES options. I like that Centerville is kept well under capacity.It keeps my child in the developmentNot likeIt keeps all of the immediate area around Centerville togetherI do not like Option B, it appears many more young kids will be walking far distances to schoolNOTHINGNOTHINGDoes not make sense to put east part of Village of Urbana into Urbana ESNothing. My children will lose their ability to walk <0.5 mile away and have to be bused or drive instead to Sugarloaf which makes no sense from a health, wellness, budgetary, or environmental perspective. Also, kids from PB141 will still be bused to Centerville. Why should PB141 take buses to Centerville when my
kids are actually walking distance to Centerville?Very littleIt keeps our kids in Urbana, it provides a bus, and they will go to the very newest school.It is walkable from my neighborhood.I'm really grateful that the Cropper GIS and FCPS did listen to our voice, Option B incorporated our
suggestion and is the one that we preferred.Nothing.  It divides many neighborhoods in half, is strange and cut off in weird sections of neighborhood.
Makes no sense.It keeps kids at the two sides of the carriage hill drive road in the same school - CES.Keeping Urbana Students within Urbana SchoolsI don't like this option at all for those who live on Shawfield Lane.nothing - children currently going there will be bused further with option BAffects other family members and before and after care optionsNotjkmgNothingNothing,NothingI like that my portion of the Highlands stays with Centerville ES, but do not wish to see the neighborhood
pulled apart. Therefore, I do not like this option.NothingSam as option A, he is sent to a school when ALL he knows are in CES or Sugarloaf.It's stupidSee above answer.Keeping all Urbana kids in Urbana.I don'tNothingNot sure.nothingnoDo not like this option.  VOU/Urbana Heights is a large community and is already split into two
elementary schools.  This option makes it three different schools, just for a few families.  Not a good plan.NothingI like ES Option BSugarloaf is a great school.Nothingi dont like this option b/c it separates kids who are on the same street/alleyI do not like itI don't like it, it moves my kids to a much farther school.I think I remember from the presentation that this option does provide some capacity relief to Centerville.I like this option as it makes the most sense logistically and allows him continuity in his ES, finishing the
same school his brothers attended. We are also able to walk if we chose, not possible in Option A.I like seeing that the numbers are finally well below 100% percent capacity and hopefully children will no
longer need to be in those unsafe portables.Option A is better.I prefer option APreserves walk-ability to the schools and would be better for my kidsno opinionNOT LIKE IT.Keeps my kids in CentervilleNothing, except we are still in an urbana schoolPleased with this alternative, changes to Urbana ES, but keeps us within the same community and friends.Having PB141, 137 back to CES and PB138, 134 and 135 to Sugarloaf ES will ease the traffic concern at the intersection between Carriage Hill drive and Sugarloaf Pkway as the opposite school traffic will be eliminated. Option B definitely will have less impact on school neighborhood and fulfill the most important criteria voted by the community in Policy 200.2: proximity to school for all the kids going to elementary
schools in Urbana.I like the utilization of ES DRAFT Option B, every school is well balanced and the long term growth of the
area is well considered. Well done FCPS and Cropper GISOption A is better.    Keeps everyone in the Urbana Planned Unit Development/Special Property Tax district at the Elementary Schools  This is the reason why many live in the PUD to stay in the neighborhood school rather than a adjoining neighborhood school.  Additionally, this is one of the weighted factor in
purchasing in the PUD and pay more in taxes.I like the logistic pattern of DRAFT Option B, all the neighborhoods assigned to Sugarloaf ES are route directly to the school without passing either Urbana ES or Centerville ES. This optimize the traffic pattern
within the communityLike A better.I actually do not like this draft at all.  I don't understand why the area for UES would surround the entire area, while having CES and Sugarloaf be placed in the middle.  These lines seem to divide the community
even more and in ways that are strange.Nothing it's not good for UrbanaThis sucks.MS Option B is the new plan after listening to community opinion, the suggestion from community has
been implemented and we are fully aware of that and we support it 100%It's an ok fall back option but I don't like the idea that 18 kids will be shipped to WKMS under this scenarionothingIt keeps kids at the two sides of the carriage hill drive road in the same school - CES.I don't like the fact that we would no longer be a 1/2 mile from elementary school and now will be 2 miles.
My children have walked and/or rode their bikes to CES which won't be doable to Sugarloaf.not goodThis option makes no sense. It has children that live .25 miles currently walking to Centerville moving to Sugarloaf almost 2 miles away.  Conversely,  there are kids that can currently walk to Sugarloaf going to Centerville and will also have to be bused to school. This is an unnecessary cost and should be taken off the
table.I do not like option B. We will pass Centerville to get to Urbana ES.Nothing! I find it ridiculous that we were walkers and now will have to be bused. And would find it WAY
too unsafe for them to be walkers that new distance.Keeps neighborhoods togetherI do not like it.noSchool is newnot goodMy preference is for my child to continue to attend CentervilleYesI don't like Option B. It splits students in two ES to two MSdo not like itnothingnanI like all schools are below 100% utilization which fit the purpose of redistricting. Also there are fewer students living in non-transported area, the proximity is being considered in this concept. Besides, I think the boundaries for the school in Urbana area is the best among all the initial concepts and options, there is no cross traffic bypassing one school attending the other school, the traffic pattern is optimized and the
safety of walkers are being taken care of.More students who are living in Villages of Urbana could continue to go to Centerville ES instead of to Sugarloaf ES, thus reducing their time on school bus on each school day. The option B also makes it possible
for more students to walk to the school, reducing the use of school bus.I do not like itMaps make more sense to me for Centerville, Sugarloaf and Urbana ESIt fixes capacity issuesStill not accommodating the walkers to stay in CE and including all the singer bones and having to move
the walkers from the town homes and still splitting the Neighbourhood in half is very disappointing!I like this plan better for my household, it keeps a larger chunk of people together within different clusters
of the neighborhood.We live in the eastern most side of Urbana, and it will be very inconvenient to drop and pick kids.We live in the eastern most side of Urbana, and it will be very inconvenient to drop and pick kids.Do not prefer option BNoneSchool farther from home. not in neighborhood.That is make our community whole again.would prefer if they stay in CentervilleI like having a bus to this location.NothingNothing, it's crazy that you would move children that can walk safely to their elementary school to a school that they to.  This is going to make parents life miserable and people have to work how are we supposed to work around this?  These children that live between CES and the BushCreek area all walk home together
safely.  This is completely absurd to change that when they are barely 1/2 a mile from the school.Urbana ES will be a new buildingIt keeps the kids closest to Centerville Elementary school who are within walking distance.It keeps my planning block at CES.Nothing - I do not like this optionDon't like as much as AnothingI appreciate that the voice of community is being heard and reflected in DRAFT Option B. PB137 and PB141 are very isolated neighborhood and have no other road to access except the carriage hill drive, which is where Centerville ES located. Besides, these two PB are within the no-transport area and they do need the Centerville ES the most. I like the DRAFT Option B that these two PB are assigned to Centerville ES which is
the closest that can reduce travel time and students do not need to bypass any school as in the initial concepts.We are still in an Urbana school but I like A betterKeeps us at Centerville ESIt makes for a slightly more coherent demographic for Centerville ES (more single family homes) and
appears to slightly lower the number of students going to Urbana ES, lessening the risk of going over capacity in future.The plans seem to be more logical at all levels. No preference on either. The plans seem to be more logical at
all levels. No preference on either.I do not likeDRAFT Option B reduces the transport distance (to Centerville ES) for students living at PB137 and PB141.
Otherwise, they need to transport further to Sugarload ES in Option A.Middle school option keeps everyone in UrbanaOption B is ideal as it keeps those in closest proximity to Centerville at Centerville. It allows those of us in the back of the neighborhood to remain together with very clear lines of where the students go.  This option
is best because it will not create additional busing costs for those who are able to walk.I generally dislike this option.  This divides the east side of VOU in a way that splits neighborhoods in an odd (and, frankly, arbitrary) way.  This would take overcrowding pressure off of CES, which is a positive
development.That we will stay in Centerville Elementary schoolDo not prefer since my kid needs to go through the change and also far from my house for droppingnanI like option B because all neighborhood attending Sugarloaf ES do not need to bypass Centerville ES, the
safety of students are considered.It's Ok since our kids still can stay at the Villages of  Urbana school although it's further away from our
house.Like the concept that my son stays in UMS but did not like that my daughter has to go to Urbana
Elementary as we stay within mile of CES.The line divides make more since in proportion to the schools  and has my voteMy children still go to Centerville and can walk thereIts not good fit for my son and he will be 3rd grade in sep 19, since he need to change teacher , school ,
friends , day care etc , that will be big change for him in last two years of his elementary school and its  far from my current homeDon't like at all.I do not like this option.  I do not understand how cutting off a small portion of the backside of a neighborhood and sending them to an elementary school on the complete opposite side of Urbana makes any sense.  I can understand making route 80 a dividing line, but not Braidwood Drive.  My children and others the live behind us will have to drive past their current elementary school and spend extra time on a
bus.  It just does not make sense to me.I do not like this option at all. We currently live in the portion of Urbana Highlands that would be cutoff from the rest of the surrounding Centerville community and forced to attend Urbana (which is of course a wonderful school). The issue is that we currently walk or bike our child most of the time, but this option
would make walking (and biking most likely) unviable.Option B has been much thought out option, it consider proximity and road accessibility to the schoolsNot a huge fan but would be ok with it; weird boundaries. Encloses small area (kids therefore all around
Centerville & Sugarloaf would go to Urbana).Nothing. It's truly shocking that this is an option especially after the first three Options from the initial
round.