Keep Landsdale at UHS.  The first 3 drafts had 2 of the 3 options keeping the Landsdale community at Urbana High School. Option #1, which had Landsdale going to Linganore, was the LEAST favorable option.  Now, we have no choice?? Explain how this will impact the social-emotional well-being of the adolescents that JUST moved to the area, now having to change schools again.  Explain how this prioritizes keeping kids off buses & in close proximity to schools when the mileage from Landsdale to
Linganore is 8 miles vs. 4..  That is  to the school is twice as far as UHS.Stinks. You placed Landsdale in the least popular zone. You did not respect our initial survey results and thoughts. You have an
already determined agenda; that much has been made clear this week.I think the drafts changed very drastically from the first drafts and I am very unhappy with the drafts.   I believe the county is not working together with all needed partners.  Looking at numbers alone without looking at infrastructure of the schools is going to make for some large concerns in the near future when schools have problems and lots of students there.
GVES has so little parking and the school is going to have to give up more green space to add portable classrooms.  The kids are going to have no where to go outside at recess and will be standing on top of each other.  The bathrooms are completely inadequate for the number of students there.  The lack of security at the entrance and the students hanging out in the main hallway- leaving them as sitting ducks.   The county needs to consider this before placing more students in that school.   It is a shame that county continues to let one school deteriorate while building other schools.   As mentioned above, there is no money in the system for at least ten years to address any of the above mentioned items.   Additionally, the busing issues continue here
as well.  The sitting in traffic and inability for safe turns is troubling, especially with young children on the bus.I'm worried about Landsdale student driving to Linganore HS early in the morning in the dark. Ed McClain is dangerous and too narrow. This must be corrected OR a direct route to 75 should be done through the back of Landsdale.  A narrow road with no
street lights and new young drivers don't mix. This is my biggest concern.It really seems another HS in the area is required in the very near future.I think you all need to rethink why you have simply carved Landsdale out of the Urbana district. I just don't get that. There are other ways for it to be done. I also don't understand why two of the three previous options had us staying at UHS. Now we don't even have one option as a possibility. It's Linganore or nothing. I don't care that some of our neighborhood was supposed to eventually go to  Linganore anyway. That section, the northern area, has not even been developed yet. Figure this out. Many of  us who moved into our neighborhood did it because we were under the impression that UHS was our school. And it is especially tough to swallow when your kids are already attending. Obviously you can't please everyone, I know that. But this just seems fishy with how things have changed. What annoys me even more is that my oldest son actually wanted to go to Linganore for Project Lead The Way. He got accepted in his 8th grade year at WKMS. He did all the work, got the grades, got the recommendations from his teachers (all on his own) and got accepted. But he couldn't go because both of us work and could not pick him up in the afternoons. He was denied bus transportation even though the bus drives right past our neighborhood and   his current bus stop. Pathetic. And now you want to force him to go there and it's too late to join the program. Classic. Thanks for
nothing FCPS.I moved to the neighborhood I live in so that my kids would attend Urbana High School and not sit on a bus for 20+ minutes
each morning and afternoon. There is no reason that Landsdale needs to go to Linganore.Love that you kept Urbana kids IN Urbana!This will change our high school. There is no feasible access for all busses and students to commute to Linganore from Landsdale. Ed McClain road going north will need to be improved or alternative access to 75 north will need to be expedited.
The current road situation is not safe or reasonable for busses to be traveling on with students.Seriously, our community looks forward to hearing from your group on how you arrived to the two current suggested plans. Our community is up in arms and is dumbfounded considering the recent, unsupported change from the survey and past
models.  Please help our community understand the thought processes and information that led to this decision.no opinionONLY SUPPORT OPTION BNone.Option A best.noMakes total sense to send Lansdale kids to Linganore in both options. Option B makes the most sense for utilizationNoI don't like that our MS will be spilt between 2 different high schools.nanI prefer Option B due to the fact it is not as over crowded.I moved to this area purposely to send my kids to the best schools which included Urbana High School, not Linganore. Keep
Landsdale at Urbana High School!See above reply to the elementary options.I believe that at least juniors and seniors should be given the choice of redistricting or not. They've spent half of their high school
career in one location, and it seems unfair to force them into another unfamiliar school.These options are the same for us either way, and I am fine with that.As the community grows older, how would we tackle overcrowding in HS?No issuesBoth options balance and distribute the students while minimizing the impact on our communities. I appreciate the time and effort invested into the study and to provide realistic options that minimize impact. I hope that the ideas behind these two
options are kept on the final option. Thanks.I think DRAFT Option B is too large of a feeder pattern.For the 2020-2021 school year, my daughter will be a senior at Urbana HS. My son will be a junior, and my youngest daughter will be a freshman. I am a single mom raising three kids, and our family has been through a lot in the past few years. Though not guaranteed, I assume seniors would be allowed to graduate  from UHS; however, I have two other children who are scheduled  to attend Urbana HS that school year. Not only would the stress of having 3 high school children attending different schools be a burden from a single mom's perspective, the emotional/mental health consequences to my children is profoundly upsetting to me. We live in Manorwood neighborhood...our numbers have such a minimal impact that I implore you to keep our children on the same track. The new Option B has our neighborhood attending Urbana High School. This is the only option I support. Thank
you.NoneNoneNoKeep Landsdale at Urbana!!! When Landsdale started building and it was already approved by the county before the "locals' could actually chime in. One of the reasons why Monrovia Town Center never got off the ground. Their surveys were not adequate when they tried to push through and residents in the area pushed back - not because of developing the area but because there were no resources being put forth for infrastructure - roads, schools, police and fire.  They wanted to see these things addressed before more development took place. Landsdale is MAYBE half way done. Developers promised local area that they wouldn't need the north side of Ed McClain road because Monrovia Town Center would have a road going through that would connect to 75 somewhere near the post office and Nevets. Now that MTC is currently off the table - now what?  And here
families are - discussing schools.  LHS is a great school, but yes almost three times further. No logic there.For High Schoolers and those who live in Lansdale there is no difference in options between A&B as both are zoned for Linganore.  I choose to live in Landsdale mainly for Urbana High School.  The first two years we were here my children where  on bus 45 minutes as it picked up in Landsdale and went almost to target to get kids.  I can not imagine the commute to Linganore, plus the road there are not as safe.  I like that my children can walk to the dentist or doctors after school.  I choose Urbana as it is ranked #12,  Linganore is #56.  My husband works in Frederick and I in Baltimore County.  We moved from Towson with my husband having the long commute.  We moved because Towson high School had fallen in the ranking from 11 to 26.  If I had wanted my children to go to an inferior school, I would not have spent another $100,000 on a home and I definitely would be spending 3 hours in a car each day.  We are also concerned that the value of our home will change drastically.  New
construction for schools zoned for Linganore and Oakdale sell for much lessNo.Makes no difference to my areaHaving 2 kids scheduled to go to UHS in the future (starting in 4 and 6 years from now), preference would be on the option that mitigates growth and overcapacity at UHS.  Option B seems to do that better than Option A.  Hopefully a new high school can be
built before all 3 HS are at their breaking point.I prefer Option A because it is less change for my son and he would go to Linganore instead of Urbana. It makes more sense in
terms of proximity.They both workeither option takes a small portion of kids from Windsor Knolls and puts them with Urbana MS kids who they don't know.Urbana needs relief !naLandsdale homes are sold w higher property values for UHS feeder -the same Builders new developments nearer Linganore HS are not same value -we chose to pay more for our children to attend UHS & feel our community is being unfairly considered expendable! UHS is a Blue Ribbon HS w an IB program & was the deciding factor for our purchase! The last map options had Landsdale still considered UHS in at least 2 options -It is unclear how now both maps reassigned our entire community to
Linganore HS.I like that Option B allows for more current UHS students to remain at UHS (those toward Mt. Airy and Penn Shop Rd.).I LIKE BOTHI LIKE BOTHLandsdale should go to Urbana HSNo concerns as my kids stay at Urbana which is walking distance from my home.Please keep HS Option B as it is has been presented.noNo.I prefer Option ANoOption A best.Thes options don't include the landsdale neighborhood staying in Urbana HS district. That was the most popular option from
before and I can't understand why it was removed.I am happy with either as it doesn't change anythingI like A  better - after comparing the optionsI like a better that it sends Landsdale to Linganore.Keep schools under capacity is much better for students and teachers.My husband and I purchased our house in the Landsdale community in this year, specifically because it is zoned for Urbana HS. I specifically voted for the concept in the previous survey that retained our area for Urbana HS. That zoning has now been entirely eliminated under both Option A and Option B. Linganore HS is further from our home, with a non-convenient
commuting route and poorer road conditions. We did not move to our current community for our child to attend Linganore HS.ANaThank you for going back to the drawing table. These new concepts are so much better. Please continue to keep communities
together.Pick option AHS B is betterNoI vote for AThank you for including Old Orchard Estates.OkPlease don't exclude 18 kids from the Urbana area in Option B.Nooption Aoption AUrbana HS is getting crowded.CHECK YOUR ESTIMATES FOR LANDSDALE VS NEIGHBORING COMMUNITIES........
In all options our community (Landsdale) is completely removed from the district it was in. Looking over the map, I do not see a single other community where this occurred.  Why is there no option to give feedback where my children have a chance to go to Urbana?  Linganore is further away and is a lower ranked school.
Of the 3 communities I see being built in the local area (Landsdale, Urbana-Stone Barn & Linganore Town Center) Landsdale is expected, based on your estimates, to have a far larger mass of HS students than the other two communities.
For example Linganore-TC has 215ES students, but only 120 HS students expected(120HS/215ES = ES/HS ratio of 0.56); Urbana- SB has 188 ES students but only 115 HS students (ratio = 0.61).  Landsdale has 84 ES students, but has 134 HS students expected. The ES/HS Ratio here is 1.60, it is 2-3 x higher than the other communities.  This makes me think the math is wrong and Landsdale is being overly biased to appear to have a larger expected impact on highschoools than other similar communities.
I would expect our community to have only 51 HS students given the math for the other communities - in that case we are a drop in the bucket for either HS, Urbana or Linganore - why move our children out of a good school into a poorer performing HS???
Why do that to our children?No opinion.It singles out Landsdale and force our kids to go to a HS that is farther away.Only Option B incorporated community's suggestion and we are in favor of that. Option A did not considered community's
responseI would suggest keeping Landsdale community at this time of condition due to several safety and road conditions. Include
Option C for survey to consider Landsdale community to UHS zone, which I think it is fair enough to get the public opinion. Thank you.Again, Option B would create a horrible feeder path for our neighborhood if ES Option B is selected.I'm fine with itI believe the Cropper team did a fair job trying to account for the future developments when developing these draft options over
the initial concepts.PLEASE consider feeder patters when looking at these options with respect to Windsor Knolls Middle School splitting between Linganore and Urbana HS.  If I recall from the presentation yesterday, there was enrollment relief to Urbana HS in both scenarios (because you removed Landsdale - which was awesome)...so please allow the most kids from the Kemptown feeder pattern to continue on with their community of PB 29, 167, 30, etc.
I do think this has shown that there needs to be an additional middle school and high school in the future because enrollment  will keep growing.  I like that Landsdale was bumped to Linganore - that community never should have been allowed near the Urbana area as it brought town homes and high density housing population to an already growing area - and there was NO MONEY FOR NEW SCHOOLS.  I am not sure who pulled a fast one on that - but with the continued building in Urbana and this area, redistricting is only a temporary fix. Please suggest to the school board that they start planning or finding money for new schools because our children's futures should not be impacted by poor planning in a county that gives in to greedy developers
and allows them to build and build without charging money for schools.Neither option looks good to me as they are both way over capacity.option A seems to be better for everyone in UrbanaI would prefer an option that sends more than a small handful of Urbana kids from  WKMS to UHS (option B). That seems like it
would be very hard socially on those kids. It would be better to have a large cohort, as was presented earlier in the process.GOODnanNoWith a child starting Urbana High school next year, I would like the consistency to remain at Urbana HS for her and her
brothers.Pleased with these options.  Hopeful these are the drafts that remain.Both Options will have over 100% utilization by 2021in UHS. To my surprise, in option A, there will be a huge jump in students
between 2021 and 2025. The question is which area will potentially grow so fast? If you can find out where the number come from, it could help to refine the boundaries and lower the utilization of UHS.If you look at the high school option projections, you'll realized that although Urbana HS got immediate capacity relief in HS option A, the utilization will bounce back to 150% within the next 10 years and these numbers usually being underestimated. Whereas in HS option B, the long term utilization increase more smoothly. Besides, initial overall utilization among all three
schools are the same between HS option A and B. I don't see any benefit choosing option A.NoneI think moving Lansdale to Linganore HS is a smart move for the following reasons
1. Urbana HS got the capacity relief they needed
2. This neighborhood is still under construction and not yet fully developed, the FCPS will face less opposition to move it right now than when all 52 MS and 137 ES students are ready for the HS.
3. This neighborhood has pretty much equal distance to both HS, proximity is not an issue
4. The developer had used Urbana HS as a selling point in this development, moving it to Liganore HS will make it less attractive and slow down the projected utilization saturation for the area.
5. The home value in this neighborhood is much lower than Urbana area. i.e. Less property tax income but still need to use
resources for the same level of educationI hope that roads from Landsdale to Linganore get fixed because they aren't safe.I do not like that PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 have been included in Option A as these areas are decreasing in size and
have been an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.NaNo.We moved specifically to Landsdale because the High school where my children would attend is Urbana.  We researched the schools prior to our move .   Now, I learn that I have 2 possible options for high school ... Linganore and Linganore.  There should be some sort of communication between developers and the school district so that overcrowding doesn't happen and the
schools can actually accommodate the incoming students. This is very disappointing.BI purchased my home to attend UHS and now both options takes us from the district. Our community isn't huge but we seem to be the target of pulling from one high to another. Linganore is much much further and to be honest somewhat ridiculously far from our actual homes. Not sure why that isn't going into the plans. Travel to and from will be more difficult and doesn't make sense. We bought our homes with a sense of being in one of the best high schools in Frederick county and now we're getting
pulled into not one of the best. I'll move before we're hit high school if that's the actual outcome. Very unhappy.Think option A work best overall for the current and future  Urbana and community. People pay higher taxes and special
Urbana tax to live here  but the main reason is because of the schools.No opinion.Nono thank you.Need to think about building a new high school(s) in Frederick County as development continues.  These short term fixes are just
that, short term fixes.goodDraft A takes a very small segment of KES students and shifts them from UHS to LHS, separating a tight-knit community.
Overall, it doesn't seem that the numbers would be significantly impacted by keeping KES intact K through 12.Option A segregates just a small section of KES and shifts them away from their longstanding community. Keep KES together K-
12.Offer 3 choices to Landsdale residents, Oakdale, LHS and UHS. One bus can take the Oakdale and LHS students, another UHS.
UHS is the closest school, Oakdale and LHS are equidistant, the current choices offer no choice.No comments. Other than more swim facilities are needed at these high schools :)Where is the option to STAY at URBANA HIGH SCHOOL???  It seem like the decision has already been made to move us to LHS without our consent.  It seems you are only trying to please the politically powerful and organized residents of Urbana at the expense of mostly newer residents of Landsdale who are not as informed, organized and politically powerful.  The majority of the people I know want to stay in the Urbana High School district.  How will you compensate me for the drop in my home's
value when we get re-destricted to a lower-rated school? Why even have this survey if the outcome has already been determined??The Urbana HS needs renovationsno thoughtsRegarding HS Option A - I do not like that PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.  They should remain
at UHS, as it is being considered in HS Option B.the reason why I moved to UrbanaOption APlease consider keeping the Windsor Knolls community at Kemptown. We have their annual party at our community pool. The
families are really committed to the school.PB 179-Sending us to Twin Ridge would not only separate us from our current elementary family but also again when option B has us going to Urbana High.  It looks as though we are the ONLY planning block that would be going to Urbana High from Twin Ridge Elementary.  Most of Twin Ridge Elementary will go to Linganore High isolating my kids when everyone outside of
my community (PB 179) will go to a different high school.goodnanI'm happy that we remain in the proposed Urbana High area.no opinionnanI do not like that PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 have been included in Option A as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.  They should remain at UHS, as it is being
considered in HS Option B.***Distance to Linganore(7.7) miles) vs Urbana (4.7miles) for Landsdale community. This mileage also doesn't take into consideration that Ed McClain is not a safe road for buses including additional teenage drivers to and from Linganore. This would mean that buses would have to go to 80 and make a left turn instead of a right turn to Urbana HS. Making a left turn at that intersection is already dangerous without a stoplight.
***It appears other neighborhoods that are districted to Urbana HS in this second round of options are further from Urbana HS than our Community. Why not send those kids to Linganore?
***If I'm reading the maps correctly it appears our community goes to Green Valley ES, then to Windsor Knolls MS, then only our neighborhood is separated to go to Linganore. They would be disbanded from all their friends who live outside our
neighborhood who they have gone to school with from K-8th grade.No opinionOption B really isolates my children by having them go to Urbana.  All surrounding communities that are close will go to
Linganore.  Their social group will not be close by our house and that is not fair to them.option A is what the community needsNo opinionYOUR PLANS STILL DIVIDE WINDSOR STUDENTS-BUILD A NEW HIGH SCHOOL!!!In HS option B, although it seems a bit imbalance in utilization in the beginning. But the growth catch up and the utilization of all
schools in all area will be more balanced in the coming years. Option B is just a better option.Please do not redistrict. We bought house based on school as it is nearby.I am not here to debate which school is "better"ù as I completely understand each and every school has their own unique strengths and needs.  I do believe there are several factors that are not being addressed and appropriately considered as you think about moving the Landsdale community away from Urbana High School.Please do not redistrict. We bought house based on school as it is nearby.Landsdale is closer to Urbana HS.  I just doesn't make any sense to have to travel twice as far to get to school.  The roads are not safe to travel to get to Linganore.  Kids will be dealing with traffic getting on and off route 70.  Ed McLain road is dangerous and route 75 can not accommodate the increase in traffic.  Also, we bought our home in Landsdale due to the Urbana HS district.
Please reconsider this decision.I would like to see an option where Landsdale could be part of Urbana HS as it currently is.As a Landsdale community member, our family is deeply disturbed, and angry that it is planed to redistrict our community from Urbana High School to Linganore HS. THE ONLY REASON we moved here to Landsdale, Monrovia was the excellence of UHS. We want our child in a high school nearby, that looks great on a resume, that has potential, and famous for it's academic excellence; that is easy to access on a relatively short and safe road.
Your plans are taking away our opportunity, ruining all the plans we had for the future of our child. It was a perfect option to have our son at UHS within walking distance to the future YMCA swimming facility. You will ruin our property value, you will endanger kids traveling on dangerous roads to LHS that is at least 30 minutes away.
We strongly oppose your 2 option to redistrict Landsdale to LHS, we want the original option back that had Landsdale in the
UHS district as it is right now.nanPlan B keeps older neighborhoods together instead of splitting them up where as Plan A splits up kids who have been going to school together for all their lives in favor of new housing developments that have kids who have been in school for only a few
years or that aren't even built yet and have no children in any schools at the this time.Option B impacts fewer HS students than Option A.  (Option A/193) (Option B/152)  Moreover, in Option B the impact burden is more equally distributed between Oakdale High School and Urbana High School. Since both OHS and UHS populations contribute to the population growth, it is fair that both schools share the burden of impact.
Option A, on the other hand, allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students.  PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.No opinionI like both options, although if I could pick I would select option A.Option B impacts fewer HS students than Option A.  (Option A/193) (Option B/152)  Moreover, in Option B the impact burden is more equally distributed between Oakdale High School and Urbana High School. Since both OHS and UHS populations contribute to the population growth, it is fair that both schools share the burden of impact.
Option A, on the other hand, allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students.  PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.Option B impacts fewer HS students than Option A.  (Option A/193) (Option B/152)  Moreover, in Option B the impact burden is more equally distributed between Oakdale High School and Urbana High School. Since both OHS and UHS populations contribute to the population growth, it is fair that both schools share the burden of impact.
Option A, on the other hand, allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students.  PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS
community since the school was built.Would like Kemptown and Windsor Knolls kept together and then all sent to LinganoreWow.  Just wow.  As a community member of Landsdale I am shocked and appaled to hear that the community of Urbana signed a petition to keep us out of Urbana High School, AND DUE TO THIS YOU KEPT US OUT.  You are all grown adults, in charge of our children's future, and this is how we are treated?  Segregated and pushed out due to a petition for people that do not even live there.  No!!!  The people of Urbana do not have the right to say where MY children go to high school. That is disgusting behavior and should be removed.  They don't get to decide who, if anyone, is redistricted away from Urbana High School.  I can't even believe this is how Frederick County Public Schools works.  Disgusting.
The children of Landsdale need to stay at Urbana High School as per the results of your study.  Please get on buses and drive the routes.  Linganore is twice as far and takes twice as long to get to from Landsdale.  The survey results said time on buses was a major priority, yet you DOUBLED the amount of time kids from Landsdale will have.  I have no words.
There is no direct access route to Linagnore from Landsdale. The infrastructure is in need of serious work, yet you are just using the children of Landsdale as pawns to fill seats that make NO logical sense.  Wake up.  These plans are band-aids.  Develop a real plan, demand more money, and stop the  reactive nature of the growth of Frederick county.  Pay attention to building and projections, and realize you need to build more schools that are better accessible to the communities where homes are being   built.  I find this whole process to be shady and disgusting.  You are listening when people show up and whine instead of  making decisions based on logic, data, and projections.  I have NEVER seen a Board of Education and Superintendent act so
ridiculous. You serve more than Urbana.  Start acting like it and pay attention to ALL kids.Option B impacts fewer HS students than Option A.  (Option A/193) (Option B/152)  Moreover, in Option B the impact burden is more equally distributed between Oakdale High School and Urbana High School. Since both OHS and UHS populations contribute to the population growth, it is fair that both schools share the burden of impact.
Option A, on the other hand, allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students.  PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.No opinionAn option to leave the Landsdale Community with Urbana HS should be reconsider!Option B impacts fewer HS students than Option A.  (Option A/193) (Option B/152)  Moreover, in Option B the impact burden is more equally distributed between Oakdale High School and Urbana High School. Since both OHS and UHS populations contribute to the population growth, it is fair that both schools share the burden of impact.
Option A, on the other hand, allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students.  PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS
community since the school was built.No additional thoughts on the High School Options.Option A splits my kids off from the kids they grew up with and separates us from the families that I rely on for carpooling and
help.  Option B puts us back with most of the Kemptown community.Prefer option BNo opinionWe really need an additional High School in this part of the county to accommodate future growth!I think the county really needs to invest in another HS in the southeastern-most part of the county.No opinionconcerned about High School overcrowding that will eventually ensue, however without the addition of new schools this will
continue to be an issue since there are new developments/housing in the southern parts of the county.I'd like to know how any of this will affect class size from year to year.  What is the current senior class size for each HS
What is the class size for the 2023 class what is the anticipated class size of the 2027 class and how is this going to translate to my child and his ability to get the most out of class time...it doesn't seem like any of the options will really help keep class reasonable
at UHS no matter whatOption A HS moves my area (KES, Manorwood, Samhill, Lomar Dr) to Linganore while most of my kids friends stay at Urbana HS!  Please keep this area together! They have been together for years and the thought of splitting up when it seems so unnecessary is devastating.  Especially because they have been together for 10+ years! We are not a new community, we are
getting smaller, and we have been split enough to fix Urbana's growing problem.  Please try to keep us intact!Option B helps keep our kids together that have been friends since elementary school. (I have High schoolers when the changes occur).  I am saddened to see that the younger (ES) options move kids out of KES only to eventually move back at HS.  It makes absolutely no sense. Please keep KES together through ES and MS and allow us to have option B for HS.  Moving these kids does
not help the issue but hurts this community and our children terribly!I would like to have our modified B plus proposal to go through. Please leave the kemptown borders alone as you follow option
BWill not likely matter as will be redistricted again due to growth in Urbana and Ijamsville in the next 5 yearsOption B impacts fewer HS students than Option A. (Option A/193) (Option B/152) Moreover, in Option B the impact burden is more equally distributed between Oakdale High School and Urbana High School. Since both OHS and UHS populations contribute to the population growth, it is fair that both schools share the burden of impact.
Option A, on the other hand, allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students. PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS
community since the school was built.I am shocked that the two of the first three options had Landsdale going to Urbana and then like a 180 there are only two options and neither has Landsdale going to Urbana.  There was zero explanation as to how the company came to the new conclusions.Honestly, I think that given the growth in Urbana all of Windsor Knolls should feed into Linganore. Splitting the kids for high
school does not make sense.NoNo opinionAgain, I greatly appreciate that our concerns were listened to, and that the new neighborhood of PB 57 are being sent to
Linganore rather than established, further away, communities in South county.Landsdale development does not have left turn access onto Ed McClain road. Which means that a left turn without a traffic light at the intersection onto Fingerboard is the only way to exit the development. Fingerboard is extremely busy and can get backed up for a substantial time in the morning. The next intersection 75 and 80 again,  is quite congested and backed up often. In addition, trucks frequently get stuck under the railroad bridge on 75 which can delay or completely stop traffic for hours. On the Frederick County Traffic Map of 2017, the intersections and roads that would be traversed if Landsdale students were to attend Linganore High School show a high level of usage, with delays and the higher risk of accidents. It would be beneficial to ask the Frederick County Sheriffs Office to provide data comparing the amount of accidents on the LHS route vs. the UHS route.The students, in addition to the safety risks will also be susceptible to missing classes, and often be stuck in traffic as 75 is a feeder onto 70, one of the most congested interstates in the country. Contrast that with the commute to Urbana High School. A 7-10 minute drive an easy right turn onto Fingerboard, 2 traffic lights, and a left to the school. Rarely a delay, and if necessary there
are alternate routes, easily accessible. There are many personal and academic reasons to allow the Landsdale high schoolers to remain at Urbana, but the risk to their safety and the at minimum 2-3 times longer commute should be a major consideration.Keep Landsdale Community in Urbana HS district.One of these was not even an option in the last info release.  County is behaving unethically.For the long-term future, Option B seems better due to keeping the numbers more balancedoption aNo opinionOption A will be a disaster for FCPS in the coming yearsI like option B. It impacts less high school students, and long term balance among the 3 high schools.NoNo opinionIt makes the most sense for the current Kemptown community (South County) to attend Urbana High over new, planned
communities in closer proximity to Linganore High.No commentMy vote is for option BI do not like that PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 have been included in Option A as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.  They should remain at UHS, as it is being
considered in HS Option B.Both options are less disruptive and involve shorter travel distances than one of previous plansDo to existing overcrowding and future enrollment issues, our family would prefer a high school with the smallest class size
possible.No opinionNo. Both options OK for us.The longer commute for this neighborhood (Landsdale) to Linganore is going to be a nightmare for parents, students and bus drivers.  I wish the school board members would actually come to our neighborhood and drive the VERY narrow and dangerous Ed McClain Rd where these parents, students and bus drivers will be using.  EXTREMELY dangerous yet not one single Board
member has come out to take a look.   I have called the school and emailed about this problem with NO return calls.The Urbana community wants to thank the consultant and BOE for listening to our concerns and addressing most of them.Please refer to the petition filed here:
https://www.change.org/p/frederick-county-public-schools-petition-against-school- redistricting?recruiter=812967112&utm_source=share_petition&utm_medium=facebook&utm_campaign=petition_dashboard&r ecruited_by_id=58c9d730-b1d6-11e7-abf0-77c7d499cf54&utm_content=starter_fb_share_content_en-
us%3Av7&fbclid=IwAR1Jz7m1yMmHazcubWoSxFkyduxx3c-Buo7MoJ5DSwDFvwt80oxEPfYkk_8nanEither option is going to make people upset for reasons that are specific to individual families. I just ask that you consider beginning the phase in of the change with students entering as freshman.  Forcing students to change after they have begun in a high school can be so devastating for some.  Please consider taking special care of those students who are working hard to form friendships; ripping them away from the friendships they have made could be devastating.   Most importantly, forcing children to switch in their Junior year when they are looking at colleges and grades are of the utmost importance;  could also prove to be
detrimental.Ed McClain Rd isn't safe for young kids to be driving and it can not handle more traffic since the road is so narrow.  It is
dangerous to make a left hand turn from Ed McClain onto Route 80.  Urbana is closer and a safer drive.I am wondering how the last three presented options and the subsequent survey responses were used the redistricting process, specifically for the Landsdale community.  Originally we were presented three options.  Our community remained at Urbana at two of the three presented options.   The majority of all response showed favor for the two plans keeping Landsdale at Urbana. We have since been presented with two new plans that completely contradict the previous plans and majority of responses from the surveys.  Please be transparent and explain how that happened.  Why waste tax payer dollars on Cropper GIS if in the end a non transparent process is used?  Please also note our community is banned from taking a left from our neighborhood, which is the direction to Linganore.  Our young drivers and buses will be required to navigate Ed McClain, take a left on 80, which is prone to accidents, then another left on 75 (please note only right hand turns would be needed for Kemptown increasing highway safety).    Please also note that people have very recently and are currently investing in homes in Landsdale, that have property values associated with attendance at Urbana, this will be a very real impact on these individuals and their families.
Finally,  please please please be transparent and help us understand how all the homes in Kemptown are going to drive down   80, pass 75, pass by Ed McClain which is where we live, and then go to Urbana as opposed to simply going to Linganore which is on their way via 75.  I'm typically not very involved, but a large group of people in this neighborhood are expressing the same concerns and I'm in agreement.  Please divide/split the neighborhood before you simply throw the whole neighborhood to Linganore.  We purchased knowing the North half would potentially go to Linganore thinking we were staying at Urbana.
Sincerely a confused and unhappy, with current elected officials, citizen.So happy that Windsor Knolls development is staying UHS.  I think Lansdale should be Oakdale, not all the way to Linganore.NoI believe that my address 11229 Fingerboard Rd Monrovia, MD should be in the Linganore High district.  We are a farming community and should be with our New Market/Linganore farming community. We are not part of the Urbana community at ALL!! My address is literally on the line of Linganore and Urbana. Urbana needs to be for the Urbana community.  The line for Linganore should really start at Ed Mclain Rd and go towards Green valley. If you look at the Plot block for this it's only affecting one child which is mine.  If you can make Ed Mclain rd part of Linganore then you clearly need to re-think my address which
would make sense to include me in the Linganore district.Whatever choice is made, current Urbana High School students should be grandfathered in so lifelong friends are not split up.Glad they will go to the school that is 5 minutes from our house~Overall, we moved to our location because it was walking distance to all of the schools.  In addition, I think they are building relationships with the children that live close to them that they will be walking with all through school.  It helps with bullying to keep those relationships close, it's easier on the parents and overall traffic flow.  This new way with taking hundreds of children
from walking to car riding is going to create a nightmare all round.Option A appears to maximize walkers and minimize bus costs for areas farther away from the school. Bus and transportation
costs should be minimized and Option A appears best at doing this over option B.NoFor us, this is the biggest impact.  It changes our neighborhood from UHS to LHS.  Our family actually prefers the switch of high school placement due to establishing a consistent feeder pattern for elementary through HS. Our kids will remain with the same group of kids throughout their school career.  We also prefer the campus of LHS despite the 3 mile increase in distance. This is the opinion of other families in our neighborhood as well.  There are concerns about road safety which we agree with and would
like to see plans to accommodate the increased traffic.I'm in favor of both options.Again - these options fail to alleviate the upcoming overcrowding issue at UHS.  Why are we even redistricting when both HS options project UHS to be significantly over capacity by the time my 7th, 6th, and 2nd grade students are there, while other schools continue to be below capacity.  If the county is not willing or able to build schools that can handle the growth of our communities, than they need to be willing to make the tough decisions to send kids to schools that have room and resources to
allow them to flourish rather than stuffing them into overcrowded classes in overcrowded facilities.I feel moving the Landsdale community in both Option A & B was the right decision.  This community is large and will impact the area greatly.  Keeping the community together will help in forming an identity/bond with the LHS community as a whole while keeping HS utilization in our area more balanced.  Conversely, I feel that Option A which moves a small section of the KES and WKMS community away from UHS is detrimental to those students in that attendance area as they will have identified with a group of students for 9- years to be separated from this peer group at the high school level.  Further, the area being separated from UHS in Option A becomes a virtual island due to geographical factors.  The area is distant from LHS without a direct route to travel to and from the high school.  Because of the small number of students this impacts, it becomes difficult for families to   get students who do not drive to and from the school (there will be few neighbors attending LHS with them) in order to allow participation in extracurricular activities, receive tutoring from teachers and/or in emergencies such as missed buses or illness. Bus routes as well as students driving from this area to LHS needs to be considered as well.  In addition, I do not see how Option A would be preferable when it does not address the needs of our area for the long term.  The only way Option A works is if FCPS is able to build the new Southern County HS within the next 10 years- which I am told is not likely.  Even if it were a reality, why would FCPS chose to move a small group of students twice within that time period as this area would most likely be sent to this
new high school?  Option A does not seem to meet the needs of FCPS and/or the communities impacted based on the mission of this study.Love option AI may be wrong but it seems busing from my home to LHS would be simpler and therefore more efficient.  In any event, since
my home lies on the boundary between UHS and LHS my child will have an extended ride to HS.The issue with both high school draft options A and B  is that If the Landsdale neighborhood  kids are yanked mid-high school to a different high school, it will definitely have a negative impact on them. High school is hard enough already and now they will be having the additional stress of trying to fit into a new school. This school change will definitely have a negative academic and social impact on the kids, especially if the juniors and/or seniors are moved ! If the Landsdale  high school kids are going to moved from Urbana High to Linganore High ( I am really hopping it does not happen) , then it should start with incoming 9th graders- this will be a fresh start for them. Again for many years Urbana High school has been listed as the best/ # 1 high school in Frederick county and that is why most most parents with high school or soon to be high school kids bought homes in the Landsdale area. Linganore High is probably a great school but, this redistricting still feels like a bait and switch and it also feels like we have been short changed when it comes to our kids' high school education ! The big question is why wasn't' redistricting
done when the developers for the Landsdale community got permission/approval to build this neighboorhood ?Option A would make my child change from kemptown to twin ridge in first grade, then back to Windsor knolls and then back to Linganore. It would disrupt any friendships she makes over and over. It will also spilt my neighborhood. Please leave the kemptown border alone so my kids can go with their neighborhood and school friends throughout their education. Option B
would separate my kids from all their friends from middle to high school. You are spilling planning blocks unnecessarily.A and B both keep villages of Urbana togetherThanks for accepting input.No opinionoption B seems to keep the feeder the same.Option B impacts fewer HS students than Option A.  (Option A/193) (Option B/152)  Moreover, in Option B the impact burden is more equally distributed between Oakdale High School and Urbana High School. Since both OHS and UHS populations contribute to the population growth, it is fair that both schools share the burden of impact.
Option A, on the other hand, allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students.  PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS
community since the school was built.NopeRural areas should be shifted from Urbana HS to Linganore HS as much as possibleFor Option B, you would be splitting the groups apart in the small Kemptown community after having them together in K-8.  If there was a way to leave blocks 7 and 16 in the group we could still carpool and use the same bus. as well as keep the same
group of immediate friends together from the previous 9 years.We are currently in UHS district and changing us to linganore has huge safety issues for our children driving to the schoolBoth options A and B are great!I feel bad about the landsdale area getting removed from the Urbana feeder pattern, but I don't know how you could buy there
not foreseeing this change.Too far from home; moved to this area to be in Urbana school district; lack of diversity; impact on home valueOption A:
PB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends  GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to LHS.
Allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students.  PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS community since the
school was built.It's very disappointing to be moved from UHS's zone. I seriously hope the terrible road conditions between Landsdale and LHS are addressed by the county ASAP. I can begin to think about teen drivers using Ed McClain to get to school every day, that road
is a public safety disaster.Again the colors on draft A do not match up with the outlines on draft A. Areas are not clear.  And what is going to be done
when these kids grow up? What new high school is being built now for them?nanAny draft without Landsdale in Urbana High School is unacceptable unless a new school is built.I prefer option B as it looks into the future.If you look at options A and B, both have some bizarre affects on our neighborhood. It seems to pull us back and forth between two different groups. A keeps us with Kemptown and Windsor Knolls but then pulls our kids away from many of their long time friends to go to Linganore.  B pulls our kids away from Kemptown (which is really important to us to not happen) to go to Twin Ridge, but then comes back to Windsor Knolls and Urbana.  We also realize that the high school district will probably
change dramatically with all the developing areas.I do not think it is fair nor wise to have the residents at  Lansdale be districted to Linganore HS instead of Urbana HS When you look at the map it is shows  that you purposefully carved out one chunk of area That so obviously should go to Urbana HS. You do not care that you are disrupting numerous families. It is so easy for you to look at a map and draw lines deciding the fate of tons of families- you ask for input from people, but have so obviously disregarded it where it counts-and for what? Linganore
HS is nowhere near Lansdale-Urbana HS is right down the street. This is a blatant disregard of what makes sense and family input.No opinionNo commentMy children already attend Urbana high school.   I don't want them to change schools.   I agree Linganore and Urbana are both great schools.   I would be fine with starting them at Linganore if weren't already at Urbana. They both are honor roll students who participate in Sports. They have made friends and created a life there.  It is unfair to make the students start over again at a
new  school.  It is hard enough to fit in when you are a teenager but to have to go through it twice is extremely difficult.School bus is still important.nanNothing. I would like the schooling to stay as is.NoI'd like to be assured that what is decided now will be in place for the next 10-15 years and I'm not faced with re- redistricting in
the middle of my kids MS and HS years.In Option A in 2028, LHS is too underutilized at only 89% while UHS (150%) and OHS (121%) are far too overutilized.  By contrast, in Option B, while still overutilized, the distribution is more balanced, thus more able to be managed by the county and also potentially delaying redistricting (UHS--130%, LHS--114%, and OHS--109%).  However, these 2028 estimates do beg the
question:  what are the plans for a new HS in Frederick County?No opinionI like the idea since our kids can stay at the same school in the Villages of  Urbana. No bus pickup/drop-off will cause a lot of
traffic going on in the neighborhood & the safety concerns to more students who walk to school everyday then.I do not like that PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 have been included in Option A as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.  They should remain at UHS, as it is being
considered in HS Option B.Leave Kemptown feeder intactI am a public school teacher and I believe in the public school system. I also believe in transparency within all parts of the school system and feel that the efforts put forth in the name of transparency as far as the public surveys, concepts, option maps, andNoneDon't even redistrict - county's own numbers show it will not help!Keep Kemptown together.My first thoughts about the current draft options A and B are that I am shocked.  The rationale was never presented at the June meeting of the complete 180 from the first options.  I am curious how the committee went from 3 options, two of which including the Landsdale Community to stay at UHS down to 2 options and cutting the entire community out altogether.  Nothing was presented to suggest that the current high school students should not be affected at the time the redistricting goes into affect only that the phase in process will be given at the very end of the study.  This sounds like the community will have zero input on the phase in process.
I understand that Landsdale was re-considered for the redistricting out of UHS due to all of the planned housing but nothing was mentioned in the planning about the safety of our children traveling to and from LHS by bus or otherwise with the current road conditions of Ed McClain Road, Rt. 75, and the dangerous intersections of Ed McClain Road and 75, Ed McClain Road and Fingerboard Road, Fingerboard Road and Rt. 75, Rt. 75 and Interstate 70.
I understand that this has been presented by other parents but it does bare repeating.  As I'm positive you all have driven these routes before presenting these options, you know that Ed McClain abruptly changes from a wide road with clear lane markings to an unlined, winding and hilly road, with blind curves and narrows down to one lane over an old bridge.  The road is also extremely dark.  The darkness being a huge issue for those kids who stay after for practice and rehearsals for school events during the Winter months when it gets darker earlier.  This also goes for Rt. 75 itself if one wanted to avoid Ed McClain altogether.  It is dark and windy with dangerous hairpin turns.  I am happy to get numbers for you for accidents at those exact locations.
Turning left onto Fingerboard from Ed McClain is extremely dangerous at any time of day.  There have been numerous accidents at this intersection as well due to cars coming from the Temple across the street not yielding and cars flying over the hill heading East on 80.  There is no light to control this.  I'm assuming these conditions were heavily monitored as well before presenting the most recent options.  The intersections of 75/80 and 75/I70 are extremely dangerous as well even with traffic lights.
My husband and I recently drove to LHS and it took 15 minutes with no traffic and all green lights.  It currently takes us 7 minutes to get to UHS.  It's hard enough on these kids to be picked up at 6:45am for UHS, be in school all day with a rigorous schedule, stay after school for tutoring and/or extra curricular activities then stay up late doing homework and studying.  Every minute of sleep counts for these kids.
We are hopeful that you all consider the current safety conditions traveling to LHS and grandfather the current students in to UHS and possibly future students until these factors of safety are corrected.  It would be tragic to have not only a parent but a new and inexperienced driver get into an accident because of these poor road conditions.  It is not always feasible to be picked up by a working parent and kids will have to drive themselves.
Currently there is only one bus that serves Landsdale to UHS. As kids are moving in, others are aging out.  Do you foresee an additional bus to UHS getting added to Landsdale anytime soon or are we really only talking about a handful of kids getting grandfathered in?  Is it possible for kids to get grandfathered in if they provide their own transportation?No opinionNoThe main issue is that the area needs new schools to accommodate for the growth in Urbana and Landsdale. I believe the other impacted communities are suffering with this redistricting because proper planning was not done for the over growth in those
areas.NoI've been disappointed to hear from friends that FCPS is unwilling to guarantee "grandfathering"ù to students who will be seniors the year these transitions occur.
Here are just a few of the the varying needs that will be impacted by transferring these students:
* references they will need for applications to colleges, or for scholarships, work, and other opportunities that they would look to past teachers to write
* the leadership roles they will have filled in their student body or sports teams up to that time that will most likely not be accommodated by transferring their senior year.
* classes not offered at the new high school that are needed to graduate.
Would you please extend  a grandfather clause to the students who will be most impacted by changes their senior year?In the first survey option 2 and 3 will keep Urbana HS for Landsdale students. The published results showed that option 1, the
only one changing to another school, was the least popular. For inexplicable reasons options 2 & 3 are gone.High School Utilization Statistics "“ Lower Utilization %s under Option B for 2 out of 3 HS: Under Option B, Oakdale HS shows 6% lower utilization than Option A, and Linganore HS shows 3% lower utilization than Option A.
High School Enrollment: Total 9-12 Estimated Enrollment is lower for 2 out of 3 HS under Option B:  Under Option B, Oakdale HS and Linganore HS show lowered estimated enrollments:
LHS (Option A/1529) (Option B/1488) OHS (Option A/1293) (Option B/1196)
In addition, in comparing 2018-2019 9-12 enrollment with the estimated enrollment under Option A and B, Option B lowers enrollment for Oakdale HS more and shows less increased enrollment for Linganore High School under Option B: 2018/2019 9- 12 Estimated Enrollment OHS 1293 (Option A/1291) (Option B/1194).Option A and B both relieve UHS. However, Option A relieves more and appears to be more equitable than Option B. If I lived in Landsdale (I do not) I would be deeply unhappy that students who lived further from UHS could continue to attend UHS while
my students could not.I believe better and more safe infrastructure needs to be in place before Landsdale HS students are bused to Linganore.  Ed McClain Road is a death trap waiting to happen. I do not believe Plan A or B are viable options for that community.  The amount of children who will be attending UH from that community is not significant enough at this time to make the change...furthermore, the Linganore area is almost full of new construction truly making this redistricting a short term fix.  Be a
little progressive and think further ahead than 5-7 years.  A new High school at that end of the county is a MUST. Why not start that project now!noNo opinionI wish I had confidence that you were actually going to listen to the resident's input on these surveys, but seeing as you've completely eliminated the option to keep the Landsdale Community in Urbana High School, I don't know what your point is in even asking us what we prefer. You asked residents to vote on the original three (3) concepts and you pursued the least popular high school option. You did numerous presentations marketing your transparent/ fair process but it appears your dog-and-pony show was possibly a hoax duping the parents to believe their vote really matters. I realize that not every option will satisfy all stakeholders, but when there are deviations or modifications to a process without an appropriate detailed response, it appears
the parents were misled and the process has been corrupted.It appears that option B would reassign some students out of Urbana HS attendance area. Again, if this helps redistribute
students to help mitigate overcrowding, then I would support option B.I do not like that PB 9, PB 35, PB 36, PB 37, and PB 179 have been included in Option A as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS community since the school was built.  They should remain at UHS, as it is being
considered in HS Option B.Highly agree with B!!!!Option A:
PB57 (Landsdale) has been moved out of the existing UHS feeder pattern. Landsdale is new neighborhood that does not have established ties to a specific feeder pattern. PB57 will continue to grow and bring in new families as houses are built. This growth will impact UHS by creating the overcrowding that FCPS is trying to alleviate. It is also important to note that PB57 attends  GVES where the majority of GVES already goes to LHS.
Allocates the entire high school impact burden onto Urbana High School students. Option A would unduly require UHS students to be rezoned, as opposed to sharing this burden with OHS students.  PB9, PB35, PB36, PB37, and PB179 have been included in this option as these areas are decreasing in size and have been an established part of the UHS community since the
school was built.NoI don't have a stein that opinion about either high school option as neither hurts or disrupts our neighborhood or expectations
when we moved here.No opinion