Keeps my kids at Kemptown.This is the only acceptable option because it keeps more of the current KES community together for the 20-
21 school year.Keeps our kids at Kemptown. Urbana would be terribly inconvenient for our family and neighborhood.I do not like this option.Option B allows are children to stay in the same school which is only 3 miles away from our home.  In
addition, the school is not overcrowded.I strongly prefer Option B, as is allows the residents of Windsor Knolls, where I live to continue sending our elementary-aged students to KES, which is much less of a burden on both my children and on my family as
a whole.It keeps Windsor Knolls neighborhood at Kemptown ESI don't like itUnclearIt appears smallerMy children remain within a decent distance from schoolNothing. It is awful. It compartmentalizes PB 179 away from Kemptown ES, it's neighboring communities,
and creates a TRES-WKMS-UHS feeder pattern that is unique ONLY to this small PB.Everything! Thumbs up FCPSWe live in PB 29 and it keeps my kids at Kemptown Elementary.  I don't want my children to have to get on a bus super early to go three times as far to a school that is just going to be overcrowded in two years.
When you redistrict again in five years, the Windsor Knolls community will probably be placed back at
Kemptown anyhow.Absolutely nothing.I am planning block 29. I like that we are still at Kemptown and that the feeder pretty much stays the same. The school is close and there is a tight community feeling between planning blocks 29, 167, 30, 31, and 34. We share the same pool and community areas.  I like that this option presents the smallest disturbance for currently enrolled elementary school kids at Kemptown.  What I DO NOT like is that planning block 179
has been removed from Kemptown in this option.  Please keep the current Kemptown community together.Option B will keep our Kemptown community together- I can remain on the PTA, my son isn't ripped out of his comfort zone after 3 years and our entire class will move on to middle school TOGETHER. This option makes the most sense and will cause the least disruption to families at Kemptown Elementary. Please,
please consider our families, community and school.My son will not have to ride a bus for 45 minutes to get to his school that currently takes us >5 minutes to get to in the morning and afternoon. The traffic in Urbana is ridiculous and should be kept within URBANA. Our kids don't have the luxury of living within walking distance therefore our commutes will be affected negatively. 90% of the school will split off to Urbana Middle while our small group of children will come back to Windsor Knolls in Option A, whereas Option B keeps our kids together throughout elementary, middle and high school. Please, please honor Option B and keep Kemptown families where
they are.Option B is the best option for our children because it keeps them at their nearby elementary school,
Kemptown.I prefer option A as it seems to be the "best fit" for all involved schools.  There will never be a one size fits all
that will work.Keeping kids at KESNaPut our kemptown kids togetherThis is the option that makes sense for the Windosr Knolls community.  It keeps our kids at Kemptown.Nothing.  Disregard this option.  We also noticed with this option that next door neighbors in a few neighborhoods wouldn't go to the same school.  Option A seems more appropriately broken apart. I think Kemptown in general should be removed from the study.  We weren't impacted at first, but this would
impact us greatly.friends teachersIt maintains the majority of current  KES boundariesIt keeps KES togetherMore kids at Kemptown - facing possible portable situationit affects the least amount of kids which is ultimately what this is about.Much prefer this. We want to stay at Kemptown.I don't like this option AT ALLThis option makes the most sense as it keeps the kids of the Windsor Knolls community at Kemptown Elementary.  Looking at the projections, Urbana Elementary is going to be over capacity in two years and
Kemptown will be under by more students than live in PB29.  So, leave our kids in Kemptown.YES! It is closer, not at capacity, and the right choice to keep the children from Windsor Knolls at
KemptownIt keeps my daughter and her friends together.This option makes the most sense for the kids in PB29, the Windsor Knolls neighborhood.  I don't want my kids to have to go to an elementary school that is ten miles away, when there is a less crowded option three
miles away.My kids would go to Twin Ridge and then be separated from them in High School.  Very difficult for continuity of extra curricular activities and forming friend outside that have known each other through school systems that have kept those kids together.  Very small group of kids as well that would continue at
Kemptown with this option, really doesnt make sense to have them go to Twin Ridge.This option makes the most sense for the kids in PB29 as it keeps our kids at Kemptown.Option B kees PB29 and PB167 in the Kemptown Elementary School and does not skelatlize Kemptown Elementary School by removing almost one third (31%) of the schools student enrollment.
All but one ES is under 100% utilization and this option has the fewest number of students living within non-transported areas.This makes the most sense to PB29; it keeps them at Kemptown.Option B kees PB29 and PB167 in the Kemptown Elementary School and does not skelatlize Kemptown Elementary School by removing almost one third (31%) of the schools student enrollment.
All but one ES is under 100% utilization and this option has the fewest number of students living within non-transported areas.Option B kees PB29 and PB167 in the Kemptown Elementary School and does not skelatlize Kemptown Elementary School by removing almost one third (31%) of the schools student enrollment.
All but one ES is under 100% utilization and this option has the fewest number of students living within
non-transported areas.Seems to make the most senseKeep Kemptown togetherI vote for option B. Please do not send more kids to UES - they will be over capacity while KES will be gutted and this feeder pattern will be broken up multiplel times. Keep KES boundaries as it is! Option B has fewer number of students living within non-transported areas and while it may impact a greater number of elementary students, in the long term planning is the best option as it keep all schools (with the exception of Liberty, which is going to be reconstructed anyway) below 100% utilization. This is the most pragmatic
option in the long term.Option B kees PB29 and PB167 in the Kemptown Elementary School and does not skelatlize Kemptown Elementary School by removing almost one third (31%) of the schools student enrollment.
All but one ES is under 100% utilization and this option has the fewest number of students living within non-transported areas.This option keeps my kids at Kemptown, so it makes sense.Option B keeps PB29 and PB167 in the Kemptown Elementary School and does not skelatalize Kemptown Elementary School by removing almost one third (31%) of the schools student enrollment.
All but one ES is under 100% utilization and this option has the fewest number of students living within non-transported areas.Keeps my kids at Kemptown, which is the closest school to my houseLess disruptive overall to students.This keeps my kids in Kemptown, which would be grossly underutilized were they to go to Urbana as in
Option A.UnknownThis option makes sense to us in PB29 as it keeps our kids at Kemptown.  Urbana Elem will be overcrowded in two years and Kemptown will be grossly underutilized in that time if you take the ~100 kids from PB29 from Kemptown and place them in Urbana.  Meaning that the next time you redistrict, my kids will just be
moved back to Kemptown.nanWe need a new option for this KES community. neither is acceptable.We would go to Urbana high schoolI do not like this option at all, it splits our elementary school unnecessarily. It removes my daughters and only a small percentage of children from Kemptown ES not making any significant difference in enrollment at the overcrowded schools with this Kemptown shift, but will make a huge and detrimental impact to my daughter.  It cuts our neighborhood from the close neighborhood and friends essentially right next door.
This is an important time in her young life and she will be forced to start over at a new school, new girl scout troop at a very difficult age where the current population at Twin Ridge is already established, too close to capacity to take on more kids unnecessarily, and is closeknit as the majority of kids come from the
immediate surrounding neighborhoods.Option B kees PB29 and PB167 in the Kemptown Elementary School and does not skelatlize Kemptown Elementary School by removing almost one third (31%) of the schools student enrollment.
All but one ES is under 100% utilization and this option has the fewest number of students living
within non-transported areas.That my kids would attend Urbana high schoolThis keeps the kids of PB29 in Kemptown.  Kemptown doesn't need to be included in the redistricting plan.
We are near capacity and will remain so.Everything except 30 students being pulled from Kemptown for no reasonIf Option B were modified to keep my planning block in Kemptown I believe it would be the preferred
optionThis option makes sense for Kemptown.  It keeps the kids of PB29 there.Windsor Knolls and Lockhaven neighborhoods remain at Kemptown Elementary. They should not be moved to Urbana ES which is a growing, overcrowded area when Kemptown does not have planned
growth.Windsor Knolls and Lockhaven neighborhoods remain at Kemptown which they should. Kemptown is not
over crowded or even close to being overcrowded. There is no planned growth in the Kemptown area.All  schools'  utilization is well balanced, which means less possibility for school redistricting  in the near
future.Still going to Urbana HighThis option keeps the kids of PB29 at Kemptown, so it makes the most sense.That it keeps most of the current Kemptown community together.  Urbana Elementary Impact is Negligible in Option B, as the Urbana Community Remains Intact:
In Option A Centerville ES does have 330 students moving to another school; however, it is important to note that the other two schools to which they are moving, Sugarloaf ES and Urbana ES, are both located in Urbana. All three schools are within a mile or a mile and a half from each other. Whereas, the other students affected by Option A (students from four other schools including Kemptown Elementary) would be
redistricted to a different school not within their community. Unlike the student populations in Urbana they face the challenges of a of a new school, as well as a new community!Planning blocks 29 and 167 would remain at Kemptown ES.PB 29 and 167 are kept at Kemptown Es.It keeps existing schools and neighborhoods together and doesn't force parents to drive halfway across the
county to take their kids to school.communities are not divided; location to home; administration is encouraging this option and I respect their
opinion, current daycare stays the same.Do not like this option at all.no commentsdo not like this option as we would no longer feed to KemptownOption B maintains a level attendance number at Kemptown ES and does not create an additional
attendance burden at Twin Ridge ES.I think this would be good for students in this area who would likely go through pre-school with other
children going to TRES.That my kids go to Urbana high schoolThis option makes sense for the kids of PB29; it keeps them at Kemptown.don't have elementary school agesOption B keeps PB29 and PB167 in the Kemptown Elementary School and does not skelatlize Kemptown Elementary School by removing almost one third (31%) of the school's student enrollment.  It also allows for the projected and expected growth at UES.
All but one ES is under 100% utilization and this option has the fewest number of students living within non-transported areas.Still keeps communities together and is the perfect option!Would appreciate consideration for a new draft.My neighborhood remains at KES.NothingIt keeps Windsor knolls/loch haven kids together, and utilizes kemptown better.I like that my children will have consistency in their classmates through out their educational experience.  I appreciate the family focus that KES offers and the amazing teacher experiences we have had at KES.  I fear my daughter would be negatively impacted by the changes and therefore her academic opportunities would
suffer.I do not like that optionI like this option in that it keeps the kids close to Kemptown *AT* Kemptown.For my street A & B would be the sameThat it keeps the majority of the current Kemptown community attending Kemptown.The consistency with Kemptown boundaries will limit the potential for my children to attend schools further from our home, will allow for them to be with the same students for their educational experiences
and will allow us to continue in a very family focused school environment.The consistency with Kemptown boundaries will limit the potential for my children to attend schools further from our home, will allow for them to be with the same students for their educational experiences
and will allow us to continue in a very family focused school environment.Our neighborhood Es does not changeOption B would keep PB29 and PB167 at Kemptown ES and that would be what's best for those planning
blocks and the students in those blocks.When I look at the estimated numbers of students in the ES in 2028, Option B offers a more balanced distribution of students.  This should contribute to a longer period of time without redistricting.  Because
redistricting is a cost to the county and stressful to the community, delaying it has important advantages.This keeps Kemptown together.Keeps children in my neighborhood in the same ES as today.Keeping the number of children at about the same as the current amount.  This ultimately means keeping
many of the wonderful teachers my children have had.I like option B because it keeps the kids from PB29 at Kemptown.The only thing I like is that PB 29 and 167 remain at Kemptown.
I am in PB 179 and I absolutely HATE this option. I do not understand why PB 9 was split into 2 planning blocks. PB 9 contains the Manorwood community. Across Penn Shop road in PB 179 there are 3 homes that are part of the Manorwood community. Some of these homes contain kids that currently attend Kemptown. I do not think it makes any sense that 3 homes from a planned community would be isolated from their neighborhood in regards to the elementary school. These families go to the same community pool and participate in the same community events as the rest of Manorwood. It does not seem fair to segregate them from their own community. I also do not like that there are only a small number of kids impacted by moving PB 179. It equates to ~ 6 kids per class. Considering that Kemptown and Twin Ridge are similar in capacity, I do not think that this change is worth the impact it will have on our children. Is it really worth it to uproot such a small number of kids. I do NOT see any benefit in this situation. I also do not like that the feeder patter puts PB 179 at Urbana for the high school option B. This means that the kids would go to Twin Ridge for ES. All of the Twin Ridge kids would go to Linganore and ONLY the children from PB179 that attend twin ridge would end up at Urbana.It keeps PB29 (Windsor Knolls) together with the rest of Kemptown Elementary.This option is pulling ONLY 38 elementary students to TRES.  This separates them from KES students, to only then place them back together at WKMS, and then further separates them once again by taking them to LHS.  The majority of children at WKMS go to UHS, but these 38 children will be split twice from their classmates.  It is a detriment to these children to split them twice.  Please consider leaving KES boundaries
as is, and allowing UES and TRES the ability to grow.Planning blocks 167 and 29 stay within the Kemptown ES boundary. However, in Option B:  If we follow PB179 (38 elementary students) all the way through the plan, they are taking them out of KES to send them to TRES, an unnecessary move. Then, it moves KES and TRES students to WKMS, and finally when it goes to HS, only PB179 from TRES will go to UHS; the rest of TRES will go to LHS. Using a grade level example there would be 6 kids that we move to TRES; they go to WKMS (this is the same as if they just stay in KES), and then those 6 kids leave everyone in TRES to go to UHS. This impact is higher for kids who never started at KES, for they would be leaving the kids they've gone to school with for 9 years to go to a HS with kids they've only known for 3 years. If they are left with KES, they would stay with the same kids all the way through ES, MS, and HS. Additionally, in Option B, PB9 was split into PB9 and PB179.  This has created a separation in the Manorwood neighborhood, which will result in kids within the same planned community
at different schools for elementary school (KES and TRES).Option B is a step in the right direction, but unnecessarily moves PB179 from KES to TRES. Neither KES nor
TRES are expected to experience significant growth so it makes no sense to remove students from KES.It does not move our current neighborhood, (but this may not be what is best for the county.)This option makes sense.  It keeps the kids of Kemptown at their local school.1. Planning blocks 167 and 29 stay within the Kemptown ES boundary: Better Enrollment/Utilization at KES and Less Burden on UES
Thus, the KES enrollment does not plummet 31%, and Urbana's already overcrowded schools are notA little less kids, less relationships disrupted than APlanning blocks 167 and 29 stay within the Kemptown ES boundary: Better Enrollment/Utilization at KES and Less Burden on UES
Thus, the KES enrollment does not plummet 31%, and Urbana&#39;s already overcrowded schools are not burdened by an additional 126 students. Urbana&#39;s enrollment numbers are notoriously incorrect, projected to be lower than they are. As the numbers stand, Urbana&#39;s equated
enrollment is at 103%. Why add students outside of the Urbana community to the UrbanaMy neighborhood remains at KES.It keeps PB29 and PB167 at Kemptown, which has plenty of capacity and is not overcrowded.
It eliminates the double split feeder pattern for PB29 and PB167My children will continue to to KES.It keeps Windsor Knolls (PB29) and Loch Haven (PB167) at Kemptown ES, their current feeder pattern. Kemptown is much closer than Urbana ES and Kemptown is not overcrowded.  There is no reason to move them.  Also, Option B eliminates the double split feeder pattern that PB29 and PB167 have to undergo in
Option A.This option makes sense for the kids of PB29; it keeps them at Kemptown.